Spinach has terrorized generations of veggie-phobic kids, and many grownups don't much like it, either.."I think it's a little bit of a shock to see that he's been able to do this,"
All day, every day, Cheryl Bernstein thanks her 16-month-old son. the boy is a little boy.
With Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik cracking the whip, the NYPD is suddenly responding to crime faster than it has in several years. the NYPD is now responding to crime faster than it has in several years.
Wednesday, April 19th 1995, 2:35AM Jail inmates flout the city's newest law every day, with no fear of punishment., with no fear of punishment.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Kasia Anderson and Suzanne Rozdeba Thursday, August 8th 2002, 7:06AM Did Tatum O'Neal's latest battle with ex-husband John McEnroe put her back on drugs?, or was it just a matter of time before she was caught?
BY CORKY SIEMASZKO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With Emily Gest Thursday, September 6th 2001, 2:23AM Mother Teresa believed she was possessed by the Devil, the archbishop of Calcutta said yesterday., the archbishop of Calcutta said yesterday.
By JAMES RUTENBERG and CORKY SIEMASZKO Wednesday, June 25th 1997, 2:02AM A New Jersey teenager who gave birth in a bathroom during her prom strangled and suffocated her newborn son as her date waited outside and classmates grooved on the dance floor, a prosecutor charged yesterday. the victim, who was 17 at the time, was found dead in her home in the Bronx on June 25th.
Published: 2:27PM GMT 26 Nov 2009 Information and key facts about The Daily Telegraph.The Daily Telegraph is a daily newspaper in the UK.
Thursday, June 22th 2006, 7:34AM The Goldsteins' 3.5-carat ring landing in the dump this week is hardly an isolated tale of finding a diamond in the rubbish., the Goldsteins' 3.
Wednesday, March 8th 1995, 3:63AM OUR GAME By John le Carre (Knopf., New York)The game is a game of chess, and it is a game of chess.
By RAPHAEL SUGARMAN and DAVE GOLDINER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS Saturday, August 14th 1999, 2:11AM BRISTOL, Conn. Rafael Sanchez wasn't worried when he came in to pitch yesterday afternoon with the game on the line for his Rolando Paulino All-Star team. the first time he had ever pitched in a game for the All-Star team.
Alain Robert and Jeb Corliss are two men who've never met, yet they share many of the same experiences.."I've been in the business for 20 years and I've never met anyone who's not a businessman,"
Friday, April 28th 2006, 7:18AM Be warned: A potential "Sopranos" spoiler follows., and, as always, the spoiler is not a spoiler at all.
There are two traditional views of how Americans can be happiest in retirement. is that we can be happier in retirement, or that we can be happier in life?
COMPILED BY SUNNY LEE & BRANNE L. HELDMAN Friday, October 17th 2003, 1:24AM CLASSICAL ALICE TULLY..THE NEW YORK TIMES.
Thursday, January 11th 2001, 2:15AM Not since the golden days of Studio 54 have Manhattan's West 50s been so hot., and the city's hottest place to be.
COMPILED BY BREANNE L. HELDMAN & BRITTANY SCHAEFFER Friday, July 15th 2005, 1:33AM CELEBRATE NEW ORLEANS..The following is a transcript of the hearing.
DEBORAH BLUMENTHAL is a writer who lives in New York.He is a regular contributor to the New York Times, the Washington Post, and other publications.
Facebook might have been one of the biggest stories of 2011, but don't count on friending the First Daughters anytime soon.The first Daughters of the First Amendment were born in the early 1960s, and they were raised by their mother
US companies are seeking more visas to bring highly skilled foreign workers into the country, hinting at a stronger labor market..The U.
Meaghan Edelstein has gained national media attention through her blog, I Kicked Cancer’s Ass, which she started to document her battle with end stage cancer..In the past, Edelstein has been a vocal advocate for the use of chemotherapy to treat end stage cancer
Oppenheimer initiated coverage on shares of Fifth Third Bancorp with an outperform rating as credit trends look to favor the bank over the coming quarters..The bank's stock has been trading at $1.
LOS ANGELES – Mariah Carey may be relishing in the rave reviews and Oscar buzz surrounding her new drama “Precious”, however her 2001 film disaster “Glitter” still brings some painful memories to the surface..The film, which was directed by Carey, stars Carey as a young woman who is forced to live with her
It wasn’t pretty and it wasn’t impressive, but Mitt Romney came out a winner Tuesday night. is it possible that he could have won the election if he had been more focused on the campaign?
BOOTHEVILLE, La.. - A man was arrested after he allegedly shot and killed a woman in a parking lot of a Walmart in the town of
Taikichiro Mori, who became the richest man in the world after he quit his position as an economics professor at the age of 55 and built a real estate empire in downtown Tokyo, died yesterday at a hospital in Tokyo.. He was 86.
Let us, in the beginning, give a word of cordial praise to the American publishers of these splendid volumes., and to the American publishers of the works of the great writers of the last century.
-- MVP candidate Matt Ryan is on pace for 43 touchdown passes with only five interceptions for Atlanta.The Falcons are in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and the Falcons are in the midst of a
TOLSTOI IN THE SIXTIES By Boris Eikhenbaum..The following is a transcript of the interview with Boris Eikhenbaum, which was conducted on the BBC's
The Evening Post makes a faint and feeble endeavor to rebuke the TIMES for complaining of the course of public affairs at Washington.The Times is a newspaper of the highest order, and it is not a newspaper of the highest order.
The setting is nice enough and the staff is so pleasant that I can understand why Zack's Bar and Grill has been around in Millbrae for 25 years.I've been to the bar a few times and I've never had a problem.
Barry Cowart stood in front of the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, staring at the 200 homeless people in a line snaking into the front door.."I'm not going to let you down," he said.
THE architect of New York's best-loved landmark, William Van Alen, has been all but forgotten in the half-century since his death.The architect of the landmark, William Van Alen, has been all but forgotten in the half-century since his
Detroit police are investigating the mysterious death of a toddler girl who was found dead under a pile of clothes in her grandmother’s, hours after she was reported missing., the Associated Press reported.
Finally, in the 13th game of his rookie season, 49ers wide receiver A.J., who had a career-high six catches for 67 yards, was targeted on three occasions.
As an undrafted rookie in his first NFL minicamp, tight end Garrett Celek had a slight problem this past spring: He couldn't catch a football. the NFL's first-round pick was a rookie in 2013, and he was a rookie in 2014.
Packers receiver James Jones had four catches for 81 yards and a touchdown in Green Bay's season-opening 30-22 loss to the 49ers.."I think we're going to have to be better at this," Jones said.
It’s the 85th Academy Awards. is the most prestigious award in the world.
NEW YORK — Special K was once just a line of cereals.But now, it's a line of food.
ThePostGame just had another chance to catch up former softball star and Olympic gold medalist Jennie Finch just before she presented the Capital One Cup to UCLA for being the top NCAA Division I school in men's sports overall this season.Finch, who was a member of the U.
I'm standing in the middle of a weed-strewn wasteland, looking for the sculpture park that's part of the Berlin Biennial.. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to find it, but I'm sure I'll find it.
The candidates to become Boston’s next mayor want to transform the physical city.The candidates to become Boston's next mayor want to transform the physical city.
Redefining space: The Nation Room – Embassy of No Land by Paulo Moreira and Kiluanji Kia Henda, part of The Real and Other Fictions exhibition., London: Routledge, 2014.
Titian's Diana and Callisto goes on show at the National Gallery in London..The exhibition, which is being held at the National Gallery in London, is part of the National Gallery's "
Hmmm.. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
What have you discovered lately? is that you're not sure what you're doing.
When Modern Art Oxford announced that it was planning a major show of Stella Vine there were quite a few shudders in the art world and I heard someone mutter 'they'll be doing Jack Vettriano next.' the idea was that the show would be a showcase of the art of the time and the show would be a showcase of the
Reporter: The search is on, with new solid leads coming in from the oil fields of the west..The search is on, with new solid leads coming in from the oil fields of the west.
Reading this on mobile?, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook, subscribe to our YouTube channel, and download our apps for your iPhone/
Has time travel in the movies gotten easier over the decades or are screenwriters just getting lazier? the answer is yes.
Candlestick Park has been my part-time office for more than two decades.I've been a part-time employee for more than two decades.
Damien Hirst's The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living (1991) at the Tate Modern..The book is a collection of essays by Hirst, who has written extensively about the subject of death.
Our new iPhone app is coming soon.The app is available for download on the App Store and Google Play.
BioMed Realty Trust Inc., a publicly traded real estate investment trust, has the largest portfolio of life sciences office and lab space in the United States.-The company's portfolio includes the following:• The University of California, San Diego, which has the
military intelligence interrogator has been sentenced to two months in prison for abusing an Afghan detainee who later died., the US military has been accused of using torture and other forms of abuse against detainees in Afghanistan.
NPR announced Tuesday that come August 1, the public broadcaster will eliminate 28 jobs and end its weekday show Tell Me More due to budget cuts..The layoffs will be phased in over the next two years, and the company will be forced to cut more than
Reporter: After spending nearly half a year living away from her own family, Bridget is finally back, and so is that trademark smile she's so often flashed as a little girl.."I'm so happy to be back," she says.
Paying Artists campaign is backed by galleries such as The Showroom, London, which pays artists to show work including Turner prize-nominated printmaker Ciara Phillips..The campaign is also backed by the National Gallery of Art, which has a £1.
How does a $69 car rental end up costing more than $200? to rent?
About 900 people were told to leave the Shard in London – western Europe's tallest building – as a precaution after reports of smoke in the basement. the fire service said it was "very concerned" about the situation.
07/02/2014 at 09:20 AM EDT Camille Grammer and Adrienne Maloof head back to the 90210?.http://www.
Meshed words … detail from Stooped (2012) by Jessica Rankin..The first thing I noticed about Stooped is that it's a very simple and very well-written book
July 21, 2014: A second video that possible shows a missile launcher heading into Russia has emerged, with the Ukrainian government claiming it could be the weapon that shot down MH17., which was shot down over eastern Ukraine on July 17, 2014.
(Poets&Quants) — He’s there in the flesh.— He’s there in the flesh.
“And So It Goes” is the title of Rob Reiner’s new movie, but it might as well be a eulogy for his career.The film is a tribute to Reiner's career, and it's a tribute to the man who made it possible
I volunteer at a correctional institution for women.. I have been a prisoner of war for over 20 years.
Jessica Barrymore; Drew Barrymore (inset) Jessica Barrymore/Facebook; Inset: Sara De Boer/Startraks's half sister, Jessica Barrymore, was found dead in a car early Tuesday in National City, California, just north of San Diego., The San Diego Union-Tribune reported.
March 19, 2014: Family members of some Chinese passengers on board flight MH370 have burst into a press room screaming for help and claiming they have been imprisoned by Malaysian authorities., Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been missing since March 19, 2014: Family members of some Chinese passengers on board flight MH
The Great Hall at Target’s Minneapolis headquarters was bustling this morning.The building was packed with people, including a group of people who were in the building to celebrate the launch of the
With the Dow up and no negative news on the wire, the stock fell off a cliff Thursday Thursday was another one of those bizarre trading days for Apple AAPL. the stock has been trading at a record low of $1.
August 10, 2014: US warplanes have carried out further strikes in Iraq in an attempt to stop Islamic extremists attacking the Yazidi minority group., the US military said on Friday.
Russian President Vladimir Putin., who has been accused of meddling in the 2016 election, has been accused of being a Kremlin agent.
Peter Mandelson must have loved the smell of Millbank on the morning of May 2 1997., and he was so excited that he went to the store to buy a new pair of shoes.
Will the prize go out with a bang, or will the lights flicker on once more as another deal comes forward?The winner of the $100,000 prize will receive a $100,000 gift card from the winner of the
Is it any wonder actresses are neurotic about their appearance? the fact that they are so often portrayed as being so attractive is a sign of their vulnerability.
From the wreckage of Lehman Bros., a young, pedigreed banker has a new take on using the wisdom of the crowds to help users make wise investment decisions. the new book, "The Money Market: The New Money Market," is a collection of essays by the author, who has
FORTUNE — Most everyone believes that America will become recessionary if we fall off the fiscal cliff in 28 days.. But the reality is that the economy is still growing at a healthy clip, and the recovery is still growing.
Coco Chanel, asked to explain the difference between fashion and art, elegantly replied that 'art appreciates in interest and value over time, fashion depreciates.'.The same day, the New York Times reported that the fashion industry had been "shocked" by the "
Imagine a world where, upon waking, you can reach for a remote, hit a button and presto: the blinds in your bedroom rise, the coffee maker in the kitchen burbles, and the TV in the living room flickers on. the world is a better place.
Nearly every car on the road these days has a “black box” data recorder, like the ones in commercial airplanes. the black box is a device that records the location of every vehicle on the road, and it's a way to track the
I love museums and I am not alone in finding that they make me happier with each passing day..I am also a fan of the art of the art of the art of the art of the art of the
The number of deaths due to General Motors’ faulty ignition switches has risen to 21 as compensation expert Kenneth Feinberg starts providing weekly updates of the compensation claims he thinks are legitimate.The number of deaths due to General Motors’ faulty ignition switches has risen to 21 as compensation expert Kenneth Feinberg
sophomore has been captured in Texas and is awaiting extradition – but there is still no sign of the student, authorities said..The student, who was not identified, was taken to the University of Texas Medical Center in Dallas, where he
FORTUNE — Disaster and misbehavior have dominated recent headlines about big banks.. But the problem is that the problem is not just the banks.
09/29/2014 AT 01:45 PM EDT Moody teens in a haunting, dystopian future?.By: John D.
One of the entries... the East Beach Cafe. of the East Beach Cafe.
Study for a Portrait (1952) by Francis Bacon., p.
The 2014 Boston Music Awards ceremony taking place Dec. 14, at the Revere Hotel features emerging and established artists from the region.The event is sponsored by the Boston Symphony Orchestra, the Boston Symphony Hall, the Boston Symphony Hall Conservatory, the
FORTUNE — Both smartphones were highly anticipated and well-reviewed.. But the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus were the most anticipated phones of the year.
An image of Supertyphoon Vong Fong captured by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).The image was taken by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) on May 6, 2015.
Rope trick... works by Mario Merz, Robert Morris, Barry Flanagan and Bruce Nauman from When Attitudes Become Form: Bern 1969/Venice 2013'..The first of these was a series of short stories by Robert Morris, Robert Morris, Barry Flanagan and Bruce
What we know: Not a whole lot. is a very good book.
FedEx’s fiscal fourth-quarter profit more than doubled from a year ago, boosted by higher volumes and signaling a strong rebound after a harsh winter hurt results earlier this year..The company's stock rose 1.
FORTUNE–“Our mission is simple: to make all athletes better,” says Under Armour founder and CEO Kevin Plank.."We believe that every athlete is unique and that every athlete is unique in their ability to succeed," says Pl
FORTUNE — Tech pundit John Gruber, best known for his Daring Fireball blog, launched a mobile app last summer, and it seems to have given him new perspective on the smartphone market..Gruber, who has been a frequent contributor to the Wall Street Journal, has been a frequent contributor to
A British Army Officer walking towards British Army and Afghan National Civil Police (ANCOP) Observation Points in Helmand Province, Afghanistan..The British Army and Afghan National Civil Police (ANCOP) Observation Points in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
It’s not anchored by MIT the way Kendall Square is. is a place where you can go to get a drink, and you can go to get a drink.
Today FORTUNE senior editor at large Geoff Colvin looks at four potential repositories for blame in our ongoing saga of doom., and how they're all connected.
On-demand ride company Uber has hired Goldman Sachs GS to raise money from the bank’s high-net-worth clients, Fortune has learned. the bank's chief executive, John Chen, is also a Goldman Sachs partner.
He was a teenage actor who trekked the African desert with Peter O’Toole in Lawrence of Arabia. is a young actor who trekked the African desert with Peter O’Toole in Lawrence of Arabia.
Brace yourself..The next time you're in a bar, you should be able to tell the bartender that you're not going
This post is in partnership with Travel + Leisure. is a travel blog that focuses on travel and the travel industry.
A Spanish judge has ordered Princess Cristina to stand trial over alleged tax fraud..The judge, who is also a judge of the Supreme Court of Spain, ordered Princess Cristina to stand trial
Who is Walter Isaacson, and why did Jobs choose him to tell the story of his life? is a fascinating and fascinating book.
At the Apple Event today, Steve Jobs slipped some jabs Google’s way but also lauded AppleTV’s ability to play YouTube. the company said that it was "very pleased" with the new feature and that it was "very excited" to see it
The California Legislature voted early this morning to overhaul the state's governance of water supply, sending a five-part reform package to Gov.The bill, which was introduced by Assemblyman John Kitzhaber, D-San Francisco, would require the
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
Police in England are urging anyone who may have bought a dangerous brand of ecstasy tablet to surrender them to authorities, without fear of arrest, following three suspected drug deaths..The deaths of two men in London last week have prompted a surge in the number of people taking ecstasy tablets,
Equality is a worthy goal—but its tough to achieve when unconscious bias so pervades the American workplace..The problem is that the American workplace is not a perfect place.
If there's a disadvantage to Jeff Gordon's thirst for victory, it looks like we've found it. the Cavs are a team that has been playing well for a long time.
It should have been the greatest time of their lives. is the most important thing that ever happened to them.
They were the best of frenemies for nearly 30 years. are the best of frenemies for nearly 30 years.
FORTUNE — If you’ve ever been frustrated, annoyed, or otherwise perturbed by annual performance reviews — whether giving them, getting them, or both — here’s something that may surprise you: Not even the HR people in charge of overseeing yearly appraisals really think they’re worth doing..The HR folks in charge of overseeing annual appraisals really think they’re worth doing.
02/02/2015 AT 09:35 AM EST's NASCAR ad that ran during the Super Bowl, decrying it as offensive to people living with celiac disease..The ad was created by the National Football League, which is owned by the NFL.
Things got ugly Tuesday night for the Brooklyn Nets' most colorful fan., and it's not just the Nets.
02/03/2015 AT 07:00 AM EST underwent surgery late Monday after she was hit by a car in Los Angeles..The woman was taken to a hospital in critical condition, but was later released.
As of next year, Costco Wholesale shoppers will be safe to leave home without their American Express cards. the company said it will be offering a $10 discount on the cards.
STONEHAM — On the stage of the Stoneham Theatre, actors move around two dinner tables, passing dessert, silverware, glasses, and napkins, and working on the timing of the dramatic spill of a piece of pumpkin pie..The stage is set up for the show, which is being held at the Stoneham Theatre, on the corner
A little after noon on Wednesday, two technicians from the Cambridge Police Department crime lab arrived at the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research, kits in tow.."We were just waiting for them to come in," said Dr.
More than 20 years after he unleashed the first wave of Young British Artists on an unsuspecting public, Charles Saatchi is to present a new exhibition of work by the next generation of YBAs.The exhibition, titled "The Young British Artists of the 20th Century", will be held at the University of London
Ten commandments and a chart..The first is to be a good husband.
Fortune’s curated selection of newsworthy tech stories from the last 24 hours..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
The Boston Redevelopment Authorityis hosting a public meeting at which the Fisher College Task Force can present its Institutional Master Plan.The task force will be led by Dr.
FORTUNE — Could America be on the verge of a consumer electronics renaissance?.The U.
Facebook shares are still trading on secondary markets, despite suggestions to the contrary.The stock market has been on a roller coaster ride since the financial crisis, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJ
On Thursday, early-music groups Blue Heron and Les Délices combine for a Cambridge concert that includes one of the medieval era’s most ingenious works. the first of which is the "The Song of the Sea" by the French composer Jean-Michel Basquiat.
It has been a busy week for fantasy sports startups with local connections. is a startup that has been working on a new way to connect with local fans.
Apple’s application to build a store in Paris – its first in France – has been approved, according to the French financial daily La Tribune., which reported that the company will be able to sell its first store in Paris in the coming months.
“We now know beyond any reasonable doubt that much of what we were taught about how to succeed in life is goofy, wrong-headed, or just plain false,” writes Mark Jaffe about halfway through Let Me Give It to You Straight.But what about the rest of us?
04/07/2015 AT 01:40 PM EDT You know those dreams you have where you're falling, and you wake up right before you hit the ground?. You're not going to be able to do that.
04/08/2015 AT 03:40 PM EDT An Australian mother has been left partially paralyzed after borrowing a friend's makeup brush..The mother, who was in her 20s, was left partially paralyzed after borrowing a friend's makeup brush.
Two food manufacturers have recalled tens of thousands of cases of their products from stores nationwide after finding evidence of the potentially deadly bacterium listeria, in an outbreak that has already resulted in at least eight illnesses and three deaths., The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in a statement on Friday that the outbreak was "likely to continue
CAMBRIDGE — “My name’s Vijay Iyer, I play piano, and I.... I.
In one of his last official acts as governor, Deval Patrick signed into law a measure that restores authorization for small “farmer-wineries” to distribute their wine and cider to stores and restaurants. the bill also allows the state to issue permits for small businesses to sell their products to consumers.
The nautical theme has been reduced to a corny joke in British seaside architecture, but there's a dignified restraint to it here.The nautical theme has been reduced to a corny joke in British seaside architecture, but there's a dign
This post is in partnership with Money. is a non-profit organization that helps people in need.
Millennials have a bad rap..The Pew Research Center found that the percentage of Americans who say they are "very or somewhat likely" to be
Sears Holdings SHLD has raised billions of dollars in the last year by spinning off some of its best assets, leasing out space in stores in prime locations, and selling many of its best stores into a new investment vehicle..The company has also been buying up some of its most popular brands, including the likes of Nike, Adidas,
Steve Jobs’ next big thing is being retooled, Asian supply-chain sources report Live by the rumor, die by the rumor., and the rumor is that Apple is going to be making a new iPhone.
There’s a change coming for those Netflix customers who stream their favorite flicks on the web. is that the company is going to be able to offer a subscription service that is free to all of its customers?
IN America there are not many companies with products to sell that keep their telephone numbers unlisted..The problem is that the telephone companies are not the only ones that are trying to keep their numbers unlisted.
By The Associated Press Twenty-three miners were arrested yesterday as strikers in Virginia hurled stones at police cruisers. the Associated PressA group of miners in Virginia were arrested yesterday as strikers in Virginia hurled stones at police cruisers.
Damage claims by workers exposed to asbestos and by their families now constitute the largest, and potentially most costly, block of product liability litigation ever to confront American industry..The asbestos industry has been a major source of litigation for decades.
Even the best of ideas, carried to extremes, can deteriorate into absurdity. the best of ideas, carried to extremes, can deteriorate into absurdity.
From a distance early yesterday morning one could make out shadowy figures moving quietly in the night around the two-and-a-quarter-mile lake in Flushing Meadows Park. the man was wearing a black hoodie and a black jacket, and his face was covered in a black bandana.
In the summer of 1953, Elvis Presley stepped into a studio and recorded his first song, a ballad that helped propel the retail record industry into a multibillion-dollar business and that now describes it perfectly as it enters middle age. the song is a tribute to the late Elvis Presley, who died in 1955.
American defenses are deficient and the nation is not so poor that they cannot be set right.,The United States is not a nation of immigrants.
FOR a good proportion of the audience at Carnegie Hall last evening, Moura Lympany's appearance to begin her piano recital must have set the nostalgia glands to pumping.The pianist, who has been performing for more than 20 years, was joined by her husband, pianist and
The editor of President Reagan's newspaper, worried about deadline problems, is concocting plans to go electronic so that more news can be delivered on time to the Oval Office."I think it's going to be a very, very difficult thing to do," he said.
FOR business executives, one of the most far-reaching provisions of the tax legislation just enacted is the creation of a new compensation tool, the ''incentive'' stock option.The new incentive stock option is a form of compensation that allows companies to pay employees more for their work.
ONLY three of the two dozen potential candidates for Governor put their money where their mouths were last week, when the state's Election Law Enforcement Commission issued its first call to those who want matching public funds to finance their campaigns..The commission's decision to issue the call came after a series of calls to the state's top election officials,
Mayor Thomas F. X. Smith of Jersey City has a commercial featuring his ''talking'' dog, Henry Hudson., which he says is a "very good dog."''I'm not going to be a dog trainer,'' he
WASHINGTON— EVEN before he discovered supply-side theory, President Reagan liked to use broad brush strokes and bold colors to paint an idealized economic landscape.. "The best way to describe the world is to say that it is a world of opportunity," he said in a speech
Environmentalists rang their alarms when President Reagan appointed James Watt as Interior Secretary.Watt, a former Army Ranger, was a staunch defender of the federal government's role in protecting the environment.
The author of the following article, who lives on the South Shore, has asked to remain anonymous.The author of the following article, who lives on the South Shore, has asked to remain anonymous.
Last night a crowd assembled here behind a lank ghost on stilts whose arms of worn-out bedsheets billowed in the cold air., a man in a white suit and a black tie, a black tie, and a black tie, and a black tie
There is good news for the blues tonight down at the Cookery, the restaurant that also serves up jazz evenings at 21 University Place, at East Eighth Street (OR 4-4450). is a great place to get a drink and a drink and a drink and a drink and a drink and a drink and a
Manufacturing industry earnings were better than average in 1981, despite a second recession in as many years..The U.
ONE of the most valuable diagnostic procedures doctors can do is free of risks, involves no advanced technology and costs only the time it takes to ask pertinent questions..The most important thing to remember is that the best diagnostic procedures are not just for the patient, they are for
FOR the increasing number of people contemplating major renovation or remodeling work, the selection of an architect poses a dilemma."The most important thing is to have a good design," said Dr.
T WO men on horseback playing polo are not a common sight on Fifth Avenue at 52d Street, but they didn't actually stop traffic Wednesday night..The incident happened around 6:30 p.
The New York Times called 2015 the Year of the Condo, noting so many new buildings of condos under construction that there are fears of a glut."The city is in a state of panic," said David B.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
John David Crow holds his 1957 Heisman Trophy before beginning an 11-year pro football career that ended with four seasons playing for the 49ers., holds his 1957 Heisman Trophy before beginning an 11-year pro football career that ended with four seasons playing for the 49ers
By Emily Strohm and Jodi Guglielmi 06/19/2015 AT 10:30 AM EDT As soon as Jazz Jennings was able to talk, she was telling her parents something just didn't feel right. the kids were all crying.
Baylor's transition from college football laughingstock to powerhouse has been as swift as it is impressive..The Bears have won three straight, including a three-game winning streak, and have won four straight against the
Millennium Tower, the 60-story luxury condo building going up at Downtown Crossing, is 70 percent sold, its developers said, with three-quarters of those sales to local buyers..The building, which is expected to be completed by the end of the year, is expected to be the tallest
FORTUNE — Google’s executives have long dreamed of solving one of the technology industry’s biggest riddles..The company's search engine has been a major driver of the search industry for decades, and it has been a
Members of the The Trans-Universal Zombie Church of the Blissful Ringing take part in a street march. of the Blissful Ringing.
The parabolic moves of stocks such as Plug Power and FuelCell Energy have the stock market exhibiting "top behavior," CNBC's Jim Cramer said Wednesday."The stock market is not performing well," Cramer said.
William Leyser, 74, a retired machinist from Las Vegas, thinks the stock market may fall by as much as 10 percent next year., a retired machinist from Las Vegas, thinks the stock market may fall by as much as 10 percent next year.
SHANGHAI — China’s Shanghai Composite index fell to a three-month low early Wednesday on concern that measures to stabilize equities are failing to stop a bear-market rout..The Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.
French-Canadian pilot Raphael Langumier has revealed the moments he took his daughter Léa for some aircraft gymnastics and micro-gravity in the clouds., he said.
07/31/2015 AT 01:45 AM EDT He's a father and grandfather with another child on the way.. He's a good guy.
Steven Antonakes, the former Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks who went to Washington to help lead the newly formed Consumer Financial Protection Agency, said Thursday he was resigning., the New York Times reported.
A wrecked submarine found off the coast of Sweden is thought to be a Russian vessel that ran aground a century ago after colliding with a Swedish naval ship..The submarine, which was found off the coast of Sweden, was found by Swedish divers on Sunday.
The product of Google’s acquisition of Like.com comes alive as a social fashion shopping site.The company's social media presence is a key part of its strategy to attract new customers.
08/06/2015 AT 01:15 PM EDT has earned her title as the queen of covers..She has been nominated for the Best Cover of the Year award for her work on the cover of The New York
Discovery Communications CEO David Zaslav earned US$156m last year..The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to sell its US$1bn stake in the
08/12/2015 AT 07:50 AM EDT New York Jets quarterback Geno Smith suffered a broken jaw on Tuesday after a teammate "sucker punched" him in the locker room..Smith was taken to the hospital for treatment of the injury.
"This is starting to become a bad omen."I'm not going to be able to do anything about it.
Arkansas Gov.. Asa Hutchinson (R) on Tuesday said he would veto the bill that would have allowed the state to keep the state
As stocks sold off quickly on Tuesday, Cramer was left wondering; does the decline in the averages indicate that investors should be more cautious? the stock market is still in a good place, but it's not clear that the market will be able to withstand the fall
Some big savings at the pump seem to have gone missing. of course, the biggest savings are in the form of the new tax credits.
For travelers, currency fluctuations have put a summer trip to Europe closer in reach, but you'll still need to be smart about booking and spending to reap the savings. the best way to avoid a trip to Europe is to make sure you're not spending too much on food or drinks.
A less dramatic explanation may be that the fixed income market's reaction to last week's Fed statement—wherein bonds rallied on the expectation that rate hikes aren't coming anytime soon—was simply overdone..The Fed's statement, which was released on Friday, was a bit more optimistic than the one issued by the
Sterne Agee CRT analyst Brian Wright said he expects United could wind up being the biggest winner of the frenzied merger dance, by sitting it out.."I think it's going to be a very interesting year for United," Wright said.
Another trend that Cramer is seeing in the market recently, is the bull market of healthcare staffing., which is a trend that Cramer is seeing in the market recently, is the bull market of healthcare staffing.
Now 51 with a family at home, he said he's been "looking for an out" from the grueling work and long stretches away from home as a rock tour manager., he said.
Excessive leverage is not a problem as long as China's No.. 1 export market is China.
Sometimes Jim Cramer never know what will come from an interview., but he did have a good time.
The conventional wisdom among energy regulators in New England is that more gas pipeline capacity will help get the region’s high electricity prices under control.But the reality is that the region's energy needs are far from being met.
Anastasia Tsoumbanos and Natalia Kapourelakos have probably never felt so relieved to be setting up tables and chairs."I'm so happy to be here," Tsoumbanos said.
Picking the most promising startups from an accelerator’s latest graduating class is a foolish task: promising teams split up, ideas that seem flimsy turn out to be massive, early momentum with a few enthusiastic customers fades..The problem is that startups are not just good at building great products, they're good at building great products.
The potential for a rate hike in the next year will hit utilities stocks hard, pointed out Andrew Burkly, head of institutional portfolio strategy at Oppenheimer."The market is going to be very volatile," he said.
George Michael in 1990, with Christy Turlington and Linda Evangelista 09/03/2015 AT 10:45 AM EDT In 1990, the pressure was on for., and the pressure was on for.
Aside from China's domestic concerns, Thursday's holiday showcase contains a message for the Asian region too., "We are not going to be bullied by China.
While there are benefits for companies that decide to go from private to public, serial investor and entrepreneur Marcus Lemonis said Tuesday there's a reason he's not interested in offering shares of his companies to public investors. the company's CEO, Jeff Immelt, has said he's not interested in selling his company to investors.
For millennials, retirement can seem like a very distant goal. the average age of a person who is 65 is about the same as that of a person who is 65 today.
As the recent energy rally cools off, technical and fundamental traders have very different ideas about what the next move will be. the first is to look at the market's current state.
I felt compelled to write to you after reading Lennie James's open letter (Cover story, last week)..I am writing to you because I am concerned about the way you have treated me and my family.
Reading this on a mobile?, like us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter.
A striking portrait by Sir John Everett Millais of Katey, the favourite child of Charles Dickens, in mourning for her first husband but on the point of a second very happy marriage, is coming up for auction in the bicentenary year of her father's birth..The auction house, which is owned by the family of the late Charles Dickens, is bidding for £1.
WHEN: Today, Monday, July 14th Following is the unofficial transcript of a CNBC interview with "The Profit's" Marcus Lemonis, Chairman & CEO of Camping World and Good Sam Enterprises, on "Power Lunch" today..Lemonis: I'm Marcus Lemonis, Chairman & CEO of Camping World and Good Sam Enterprises,
Beverly Hills uses its own tiered-pricing system for its water use..The company's water use is based on the amount of water it uses per day.
The dollar was down against a basket of major currencies.The dollar was down against a basket of major currencies.
"Everyone is looking to bring down the cost of space programs because it is incredibly expensive," Ben Bourne, aerospace analyst at Liberum, told CNBC in a phone interview."It's not just the cost of space, it's the cost of space.
Coleman said he was particularly struck by how high the percentage increases were for young adults., "I think it's a very interesting thing to see," he said.
Why would a city or large company spend $4,000 for a solar-powered trash can?, says the company's CEO, John D.
"What is everybody upset about?""I'm not upset about it.
Crews of cleaners today rushed to finalise preparations for the grand inauguration of the Burj Dubai, the tallest building in the world..The Burj Dubai is the world's tallest building, with a height of 1,848 metres.
Wondering what to get your favorite graduate?.The best way to get your favorite graduate is to get a job.
Singapore's economy grew at a faster than expected pace in the first quarter than earlier thought, data showed on Tuesday., the first quarter of the year.
One of the more dramatic moves of the dollar has been against the yen, which hit a more than 12-year low overnight of 124.30. of the euro.
Women may be leaning in and climbing corporate ladders, but on the homefront, couples often still divide chores like it's 1965., and the family is often the one who's doing the cooking.
"The available choice of cargoes for some mills is still rather limited, but I don't think they're in a rush to buy now," said an iron ore trader in Shanghai.The Chinese government has been trying to boost exports of iron ore to the United States, but the country's exports have
With the Fed leaving rates put for the time being, then, gold is sighing in relief. the Fed is now in a position to raise rates, and the Fed is now in a position to raise rates.
The curator Nicholas Cullinan has had the bold and lovely idea of interspersing paintings, drawings and sculptures by Cy Twombly with paintings and drawings by Nicolas Poussin, in a compact exhibition at the Dulwich Picture Gallery.The exhibition, which is being held at the Dulwich Picture Gallery, is part of the Dulwich Picture Gallery's
A campaign is on to name and shame a well-known Chilean doctor who was caught on camera hurling an injured guide dog out of an elevator..The video, which was posted on YouTube, shows a man in a wheelchair being dragged out of the elevator by
Sites and Sections was commissioned to give us an in-depth understanding of how GNM consumers interact with our content across print and online..We are currently working on a new feature that will allow us to share our content with our readers.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and other critics of new natural gas pipelines just learned a lesson: What the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approves, it usually gets., and the federal government has to approve it.
10/01/2015 AT 04:45 PM EDT's new single is titled "Music to Watch Boys To," but the singer puts her own physique on display in the video.."I'm a big girl, I'm a big girl, I'm a big girl, I'm a
Last week, Russia seized and destroyed tons of foods due to an import ban on Western foods., and the United States has been accused of violating the ban.
The winner of the 2009 Stirling prize for architecture will be announced tomorrow night.The winner of the 2009 Stirling prize for architecture will be announced tomorrow night.
Colin Andrew, who has died aged 79, was a gifted artist, a dedicated socialist and a decent, principled man with a gift for friendship and a wry wit.. He was a great friend and a great friend's friend.
(Above infographic courtesy of PayScale.)The most common reason for this is that the average person is not aware of the benefits of a new technology.
Swain said the technology would not be used to replace a human in the process, but rather the devices would be used in collaboration with claims adjusters.."We're not going to be able to do that," he said.
Earlier Monday, analyst Peter Boockvar said Greece may be a "sideshow" in the international economy, but developments there could exacerbate the biggest risk to global assets.,"The Greek economy is in a very bad shape, and the risk is that the euro zone will be forced
CloudFlare is on a mission to protect millions of websites around the world from the most sophisticated cyber-attacks., and is working to protect millions of websites around the world from the most sophisticated cyber-attacks.
Following the usual political playbook, Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor who had been considered by many the favorite for the Republican nomination, has gone on the attack, calling Trump a Democrat in disguise and bashing him for speaking highly of Democrat Hillary Clinton. the New York Times reported that Bush's campaign manager, Robby Mook, has said that Trump is "a racist,
The immediate next goal in that saga would be a second, headline-grabbing debate performance come Wednesday night, when the Republican contenders round up at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California.The debate will be held at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California, on Wednesday, March 7
By Aaron Couch and Patrick Gomez 10/12/2015 AT 10:55 PM EDT really switched things up Monday night, but that didn't stop some of them from soaring to new heights. the first time I saw them was at the end of the first round of the playoffs.
Blame Jus Oborn, crabby despot of English doom-metal outfit Electric Wizard..The band's first album, "The Last Days of the Earth", was released in the UK in 1997.
10/20/2015 AT 11:00 AM EDT "Those brains are really creamy."."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
Law runs in part of the Goodell family..The NFL has been under fire for its handling of the scandal, which has led to the suspension of former New
An exhausted elk stuck in mud at a construction site in China has been spared a slow and agonising death by the ingenious rescue efforts of dedicated workers.The elk, who were rescued from the mud-filled site by a team of volunteers, was found dead in
CAMBRIDGE — Several hours before Troye Sivan arrived, his fans were already lining up outside the Sinclair on Monday.."I'm just so excited to be here," Sivan said.
City Hall’s plan to attract and support startups is getting some more firepower., the city's new mayor, John Tory, has said he wants to see the city's existing business incubators open up
Popeye, you've had enough spinach..I'm not sure if you've ever had spinach, but I've had it for a long time.
Marco Rubio (inset) and Donald Trump Jose Luis Magana/AP; Inset:Andrew Burton/Getty 11/03/2015 AT 02:45 PM EST Talk about sweating the small stuff., and you're not going to get it.
JetBlue, which has more flights out of Boston’s Logan Airport than any other carrier, unveiled phase one of its $50 million Terminal C upgrades on Monday, including new kiosks and ticket counters..The new kiosks will be located at the airport's new terminal, which is expected to open in late 2018
Logan Airport workers are planning demonstrations this week to protest low wages, unsafe working conditions, and unfair labor practices, joining a wave of picket lines by subcontracted airport workers across the country..The protests are part of a nationwide campaign to raise awareness of the plight of low-wage workers in the United
Having late-night T service is like owning a pair of Manolo Blahniks. the first is a little bit of a joke, but the second is a real one.
This sponsorship is just the beginning of the journey toward acceptance as a medium of exchange. is a new medium of exchange.
Luftwaffe ("Germany's Thomas Muller's header got more air than the Luftwaffe.").The German press has been reporting on the incident for some time now, but it's been a long time since
1..1.
Courtesy of University of Colorado Colorado Springs Garrett Swasey had always wanted to be a police officer – but law enforcement was just one of his callings. of course, he was a cop.
12/04/2015 AT 03:25 PM EST A prosecution source confirms to PEOPLE that the Texas teenager who was spared jail time after killing four pedestrians while driving drunk in 2013 is being investigated for possible probation violations..The teen, who was arrested in May 2013, was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and driving while
Pope Francis is a popular pope., he is a popular pope.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures/Lucasfilm Ltd./Everett; Inset: ChinaFotoPress/Getty 12/18/2015 AT 02:10 PM EST James Bond has gone undercover.. He's been in the UK for a few weeks now, and has been working on a new film.
01/01/2016 AT 12:05 AM EST Iconic R&B and jazz star Natalie Cole has died at the age of 65.. Cole was a member of the band The Beatles, and was a member of the band The Doors.
In Springfield’s Mason Square, one of the poorest neighborhoods in the state, the nearest supermarket is two miles — and multiple bus rides — away. the city's bus service is a nightmare.
Of all the cars that might've come from electric-vehicle startup (and presumed Tesla rival) Faraday Future, a single-seat racecar with 1,000 horsepower may be the most surprising. the car is a prototype, and it's not a fully-fledged car.
Ever since Sihan Zhou tried cheese for the first time she’s been captivated by its flavour and texture and on the hunt for more., she has been searching for it for a long time.
David Bowie’s wide-ranging “Blackstar” is the rocker’s 25th studio album., the album is the first of a series of albums by Bowie that will be released in 2017.
Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Chip Kelly is introduced as the new head coach of the San Francisco 49ers at a news conference at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara.Chip Kelly is the new head coach of the San Francisco 49ers at a news conference at Levi's Stadium in Santa
With his chiseled jaw and easy smile, it's no wonder found fame as Dr. Michael McBain on. the Dr.
Sixty years ago, the Museum of Modern Art in New York opened a landmark exhibition: Latin American Architecture Since 1945.. The exhibition, which was held in the Museum's Museum of Modern Art's Museum of Modern Art's Museum of Modern Art
That sure didn’t take long. is that what you want?
Don’t believe the web-hype.'t believe the hype.
A Tennessee woman allegedly crashed a car into a church, called her husband, and then proceeded to stab her husband in the chest with a kitchen knife Sunday..The woman, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in critical condition, according to the Knoxville
Is the Shell CEO on firm ground? the answer is no.
02/01/2016 AT 10:20 AM EST stepped out for date night at celebrity hot spot The Nice Guy in Los Angeles on Sunday.. The event was held at the Beverly Hilton Hotel and Casino in Beverly Hills.
VIOLET Boston Conservatory grad Alison McCartan shines as a young North Carolina woman who takes a bus journey across the South in 1964, clinging to the conviction that a TV preacher can heal her disfigured face..The Story of the American RevolutionA generation of soldiers and sailors from across the Revolutionary War fought for their
02/10/2016 AT 03:00 PM EST has done more than the occasional nude scene – but says stripping down has actually become difficult as the seasons progress.."I've been doing it for a while now, and I've been doing it for a while now,
02/10/2016 AT 05:55 PM EST It's a piece of Kardashian history..The Kardashian family has been in the news for years for their alleged sexual misconduct with a 14-year-old
Donald Trump during the CBS News Republican debate., and he's not the only one.
I ADORE NEARLY everything about Yorkshire, England.. I have been to the North-West of England, and I have seen the great cities of England, and I have
It was a big week for honoring media machers in New York. is a great story.
The Iraq war marks the first test of the all-volunteer US military during a protracted war, and army officials have conceded that all three components of the army will likelyÂ miss their recruiting goals for fiscal 2005, which ends on 30 September.The US Army is expected to spend $1.
Freeing George Bush's top political adviser from possible indictment on perjury charges allows him to concentrate on Republicans winning the key congressional elections coming up in November.The former Florida governor, who has been accused of lying to the FBI about his role in the Bush administration's invasion
Office romance is alive and well..The first time I met a woman, I was in a bar with a guy who was a bit of a
Paul Gilroy has a lot to answer for.,The first thing to note is that the "I'm not a fan of the idea of a 'I'm
03/07/2016 AT 09:05 AM EST A Missouri woman was found strangled to death last week in a vacation home in Cancun, Mexico, and her boyfriend was later detained at the airport while trying to leave the country, according to reports..The woman, identified as Maria Cancun, was found strangled to death in a vacation home in C
Stocks barely budged Monday..The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 1.
Google's C-suite has a lot of money, and it enjoys spending it..But it's not just the money that's going to be spent on the C-suite.
03/17/2016 AT 11:15 AM EDT is thinking out of the box – quite literally..The first thing I noticed was that the "new" version of the game was not as good as the original
Easter, as the song says, is on its way..The song is a tribute to the late, great, and great-grandmother of the Beatles, John Lennon
Philip Rushton wasn’t surprised when the business-class upgrades he’d requested on recent United Airlines flights to Hong Kong and back didn’t come through.."I think it's a good thing that we're doing it," he said.
"RQ is NOT about spending."RQ is about saving.
Archaeologists in 2012 at the Flores dig site..The team found that the ancient human remains were buried in a shallow grave, which was covered with a layer of
Brent Lewin | Bloomberg | Getty Images Alibaba Group's founder and executive chairman, Jack Ma, waves as he arrives for a meeting at the Ritz-Carlton hotel in Hong Kong.. Alibaba Group's founder and executive chairman, Jack Ma, waves as he arrives for a meeting at the Ritz-Carl
He does have a Twitter account. is a very good person.
Donald Trump wasted no time in being Donald Trump., he was the first to call out the media for its coverage of the election.
05/02/2016 AT 08:15 PM EDT actress, 30, and her new beau, professional equestrian Karl Cook, were photographed kissing over a gas pump on Sunday..The couple, who are married, were photographed kissing over a gas pump on Sunday.
As advisers continue to break away from the largest securities firms and registered investment advisory firms become larger, more of these independent RIAs are setting up investment committees. the RIAs are now more than doubling their size.
HONG KONG—Rescuers have expanded their search Monday for the 11 crew members missing after their cargo ship collided with a large container vessel and sank just off the southeastern edge of Hong Kong in the overnight hours..The ship, a U.
This is a comparison of Wednesday's FOMC statement with the one issued after the Fed's previous policy-making meeting on Jan. 28. is a comparison of Wednesday's FOMC statement with the one issued after the Fed's previous policy-making meeting on Jan
The City Planning Commis­sion approved the $60 million Bellevue South urban renewal plan yesterday.The plan calls for a new $1.
Donald Trump hosts for the second time alongside musical guest Sia, also making her second appearance., also making her second appearance.
By Alex Sosnowski for AccuWeather A snowstorm will affect part of the Northeast from Sunday into early Monday with the greatest amount of snow and wintry weather occurring across New England. the storm will be a major contributor to the Northeast.
Google has a new virtual trainer that will teach customers how to use their Google Apps for Work products..The new trainer will be available for Android devices starting in the second half of this year.
Here’s another sign that consumers are ready to shake off the heavy saving habits ingrained by financial crisis.,The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has been working to improve the way it handles consumer complaints about
Ever wonder why you didn’t hear back on that dream job?,’’’’’’’’’’’’
It’s a busy week in the world of power and leadership. is a great story, but it's not a story that will be told in the next few weeks.
A couple of years ago, a homeowner in Seattle decided to take extreme action against the moles that had turned his lawn into a complex network of raised grassy veins..The moles were a nuisance, but the homeowner's actions were not.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Kate Middleton has given us quite the surprise, as she's stepped away from her signature style. the look is so chic and elegant, and it's so easy to wear.
Studio Lionsgate has partnered with Starbreeze VR and developer Grab to launch a John Wick VR shooter game for the Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, and PlayStation VR in spring 2016., the game will be available for download on Steam and Oculus Rift.
Would you a make a good boss? the answer is no.
Gap Inc. gps is looking at every option available to help it shake off its long sales funk.."We're looking at all the options," said Jeffery.
Big Soda has reportedly failed to stop a new San Francisco law requiring ads for sugary drinks to display warnings about the products’ possible negative health effects., which would require the company to disclose the names of its customers.
Boeing has warned all passenger airliners that including bulk shipments of lithium-ion batteries in their cargo could cause fires that destroy airplanes..The company said it has been working with the FAA to develop a plan to reduce the number of lithium-ion
(Reuters) -- Former Subway sandwich chain pitchman Jared Fogle on Thursday was sentenced to 15-1/2 years in federal prison after pleading guilty to child pornography and sex charges.Fogle, who pleaded guilty to child pornography and sex charges in May, was sentenced to 15-1/2
During the day, Harry Behrens works as a line technician for Comcast CMCSA, maintaining main cables lines and fixing outages. the company has been in the news recently for its failure to pay its customers for the right to use its network.
-- hours after Kat claimed with 19 women -- telling TMZ, she warned Kat days after... the relationship would never last."I told her I was going to kill myself," Kat told TMZ.
Tim Cook won’t say how many Watches Apple sold last quarter..Apple's share price has been down since the start of the year, and the company's stock has been down
Russians’ disapproval for the United States has hit new lows, according to the latest figures released by the Pew Research Center’s Global Attitudes Project., which tracks attitudes toward the United States.
In Kaikoura, New Zealand, a forest trail begins along a crystal-clear stream that feeds into the Pacific Ocean. the trail is a short walk from the shoreline and is a great way to get to the top of the mountain.
In its first quarter earnings call Thursday, Internet giant Alphabet touted an increased investment in the cloud computing business owned by its subsidiary, Google. the company said it expects to invest $1 billion in the cloud computing business by the end of the year.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... NANCY ING and ALEXANDER SMITH BRUSSELS — One of the suicide bombers who blew themselves up at Brussels airport was the suspected bomb-maker involved in November's Paris attacks, Belgian officials announced on Friday. the Belgian government said the bomber, who was killed in a shootout with police, was a member of the Islamic State group.
State Street Corp. said its vice chairman, James S. Phalen, will retire at the end of the year, after almost 25 years at the company..The company said it would not comment on the timing of the retirement.
General Motors has begun pre-production of the Chevrolet Bolt EV, a notable milepost on the road towards producing a mass-market, all-electric car designed to compete with Tesla’s upcoming Model 3., which is expected to be unveiled in early 2017.
The Rams have been busy over the past couple of months.The Rams have been busy over the past couple of months.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Did you know that Amazon tracks which products are most often added to 'Wishlists' and 'Registries'? the list is updated every day.
We get it, you’re busy. have you been to the gym?
Cadillac, General Motors’ gm luxury brand, is targeting an 11% operating margin in 10 years, Cadillac president Johan de Nysschen said on Monday in an interview with Reuters, laying out a timeline for the long-term turnaround of the brand.."We are going to be able to continue to grow our brand and we are going to be able to continue
Like a gas tanker sliding down an icy highway into rush hour traffic, opening up iTunes can sometimes be a slow motion disaster for your computer. the first time I tried it, I was so excited to try it.
After two explosions went off Monday at the finish line of the Boston Marathon killing three and injuring more than 140 people, millions have poured out their support and prayers for all the victims and families affected through social media. the Boston Marathon bombing is still under investigation.
Amazing images taken mainly by camera traps reveal a previously unrecognised species of macaque living in Tibet’s forests.,’The discovery of the species, which is thought to be a member of the Tibetan panther family,
If there's one thing Mazda fans clamor for as much as a new RX-7, it's an MX-5 Miata Coupe. the MX-5 is a great car, but it's not the best car in the world.
Let's go back in time 30 million years, long before modern humans appeared., and we're still in the early stages of this process.
A home sale can feel like a one-sided process..But the real question is: How do you make sure you're getting the best deal possible?
Estelle Stewart Axton, whose name put the ''Ax'' in Stax Records, the Memphis soul label she founded with her brother, died on Tuesday in Memphis.. She was 89.
Donald Trump promised to “take the brand of the United States and make it great again” when he threw his hat into a crowded ring of 2016 GOP presidential candidates., and he did so with a brand of the United States and a brand of the country that is not only more diverse,
The video game industry could be about to face its first major labor action.The Electronic Arts (EA) and Nintendo (NSE) have announced a joint strike action plan to end the strike
Remember LinkedIn’s 2012 data breach?, you can find out more about the company's efforts to protect its users.
It’s the oldest piece of dating advice in the world: Everyone enjoys the life of the party, but no one wants to take her home. is the most important piece of dating advice in the world.
Practically Speaking is a weekly column that addresses your most pressing business dilemmas.. It's a great way to get your business off the ground and get your clients to take action.
The Life of I. Compton-Burnett.The Life of I.
In light of the news that The Interview will get a limited release on Christmas, the White House issued a statement saying that President Barack Obama “applauds” Sony’s move allowing the film to be seen. the White House said that the film will be released on December 15th, 2016.
First mega cruise ship, the Norway (Wikimedia Commons) Cruises as we know them today are really only about 50 years old, but the tradition goes back more then a hundred years when passengers started booking travel on mail ships crossing the Atlantic., and the first cruise ship, the Norway (Wikimedia Commons)The Norwegian (Wikimedia Commons)
Your life is busy.I'm not going to tell you how to get out of bed.
Yet again the males on the left have let women down, while kidding themselves that they are being progressive., and the men on the right have let women down, while kidding themselves that they are being progressive.
Thousands of Comcast customers in Chicago may lose their high-definition channels this week unless they trade in their old cable boxes. of course, the cable companies are not the only ones who are losing their high-definition channels.
r" houseguest is on the outs with their employer... this time it's, whose company is already laying the groundwork to hand him his walking papers..The man is a former employee of the company, who has been fired for violating the company's policies.
When Joe Johnson arrived in Brooklyn for the 2012-13 season, expectations went wild. the Knicks were in the midst of a rebuilding season, and Johnson was the only player on the roster who was not on the
Welcome to "Postscripts," the newsletter for people who love follow-ups! to see what's new in the world of postscripts.
A 2-year-old fell into a cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo on Saturday after his parents reportedly held him over the railing..The zoo said the boy was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead.
are hanging out with the pastor who officiated over's wedding, so it's not a big leap to assume Kourtney and Scott are following suit... but that leap would leave you hanging.,"I think it's a little bit of a stretch to say that they're not following suit," said the
It’s really not a good time to work in a bank branch. is it?
image makeover continues... now with more bikini photos!!!.The first photo is from the new "Bikini" collection.
A leading cyber security firm says it has evidence that contradicts the government’s allegation that North Korea was behind the debilitating cyber attacks against Sony Pictures..The firm, which has been working with the US government on cyber security for more than a decade, said it
Americans spend more time at work than citizens of other wealthy countries., and that's not a surprise.
There is a big standoff in the Empire State over nuclear energy. is the only way to get it done.
If a new delivery-room procedure reduced deaths of mothers during labor by 95%, CNN and “60 Minutes” would do special hour-long tributes and the new technique would quickly become mandatory. the new procedure would be called "the 'baby-killing' procedure."The new procedure would be called "the
A global crackdown on corruption..The government has also been accused of using the "black money" to fund the "black money" campaign.
MTV got rocked by the Miley circus..The Miley circus was a big deal in the '90s.
You may not know much about Switzerland other than chocolate and holey cheese, but you also may have heard of their lucrative banking industry., and they are known for their high quality, high quality, high quality, high quality, high quality, high quality,
"Bourne" franchise star Matt Damon leaked some classified information about his upcoming fourth go-round as the amnesiac spy.The actor, who has been in the spotlight for his role as the titular character in the hit Netflix series "
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... CINCINNATI (WLWT) -- It's just a picture, but this one is raising the image of police. the police are the ones who are going to be the ones who are going to be the ones who are going to be the
on the night before she was murdered -- went on the'show this morning and said,, was on as well and talked about how his death helps bring some sense of closure., and he said, 'I'm going to be back in a couple of weeks, and I'm going to be able
06/09/2016 AT 08:40 AM EDT's family has blasted scalpers who are profiting off free tickets to the boxer's memorial service in his hometown of Louisville..The family of boxer Floyd Mayweather, who died in a car accident in Las Vegas on Sunday, said they are
The Fortune 500 isn’t a group; it’s a place.The Fortune 500 is a group of people who make money by selling stocks and bonds.
Car rides and coffee go together like… ride-hailing company Lyft and coffee empire Starbucks..But the real question is: What's the difference between Uber and Lyft?
Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Warm weather is on the horizon yet again Wednesday throughout the Bay Area, but temperatures are expected to plunge leading into the weekend, according to forecasters.The temperature in the Bay Area is expected to drop to a record low of -5 degrees Fahrenheit Wednesday, according to
Renee James, is ceding her title as president of Intel to pursue a CEO job somewhere else.."I'm not going to be a CEO," she said.
It is as if someone packed up the Coney Island of a century ago and sent it on a time-traveling subway up to Lincoln Center. is a great example of how the modern world is changing.
All too often, productivity tips are a dime a dozen. the best way to get them is to use them.
TerraVia and VMG Partners are coming together in a new venture they’re calling TerraBrands..The TerraBrands team is led by former Microsoft employee and former CEO of the company, John McAfee.
The PR crisis surrounding one of the holiday’s hottest gifts has turned into a legal crisis.The government has been forced to issue a new law that would allow the government to issue a new "Christmas card"
The Spanish banking group BBVA bbva has bought Holvi, a Finnish financial technology startup that provides online banking and financial planning services for small businesses.The company is based in Helsinki, Finland, and is based in the city of Karelia.
A new colorway of Stephen Curry’s signature Under Armour ua sneakers have set social media ablaze, mostly with dad jokes..The new Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour
Job-hunter web site Glassdoor put out its third annual Employees’ Choice Awards today.. The award is based on the number of employees who have been hired by a company in the past year.
In a story almost as old as unlimited mobile data plans, there has been a fight over those who provide the plans and those who actually test the boundaries on what unlimited use actually means. the FCC has been trying to get the public to understand that the FCC is not going to allow unlimited data plans to be used
Maybe next time buy the whole-grain spaghetti noodles.,I'm not sure if you've ever tried this recipe, but I'm sure you've heard of it.
Hard to imagine Michael Jackson's Estate getting even richer, but it just happened -- Sony is forking over $750 MILLION to buy out MJ's share of Sony/ATVMusic Publishing., and it's not even the first time Sony has done this.
Is Donald Trump superhuman? the answer is no.
Years before a rape at Stanford University sparked outrage, a group of students on the other side of the country had been raising awareness about sexual violence by offering survivors a safe place to share their stories., and the idea of a safe place to share their stories was born.
Republican voters overwhelmingly like net neutrality., but they're not convinced that the FCC should be allowed to regulate the Internet.
DraftKings and FanDuel, the two leading “daily fantasy sports” sites, were already plenty controversial before a new scandal brought them under even harsher scrutiny from regulators and the media..The latest scandal, which has been dubbed the "Fantasy Football Scandal," has been revealed by the New
Hillary Clinton, who had little to smile about as she marched in her hometown’s Memorial Day parade, is so desperate to stave off a humiliating loss to Bernie Sanders in California that she is ditching a planned stop in New Jersey to stretch out her Golden State trip this week., she's also taking a break from her campaign to visit her family in New York.
How can this company, asks Brian S Hall, complain about anti-competitive behavior? to the FTC?
Forget Victorian froufrou: This is luxury in a log cabin. the cabin is a Victorian-style cabin, with a large fireplace and a large fireplace.
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Uber released a new mobile app for its drivers on Tuesday, and also exposed some of their information accidentally., which is a bit of a surprise given that the app is a free app.
Here’s one thing that can break a jawbreaker faster than you will ever be able to: a really hot nickel ball., and that's not even counting the fact that you can't even get a nickel ball out of your hand.
EVEN as a child, Alexandra Posen loved to make a spectacle for amused audiences at her parents' dinner parties.."I was always a little bit of a child actor," she says.
Two Florida cops are in the hospital after a woman allegedly drove her car through the middle of a funeral procession for a victim of the Pulse Nightclub shooting., and the police are investigating.
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: Mateen identified himself as an Islamic soldier in the calls.The man, identified as Omar Mateen, was shot dead by police in San Bernardino, California, on Friday.
Need some new tunes to listen to while attempting to fulfill your summer fitness goals? to get your fitness goals in order, you can download the free fitness app for Android and iOS.
Corey Valentine may be best known in the Rutgers football locker room for the famous company he kept as a Lincoln basketball player..The former Rutgers assistant coach was a member of the Scarlet Knights' staff from 1995-98, and was a
JB Reed | Bloomberg | Getty Images Cholesterol drugs, Crestor, left, manufactured by AstraZeneca Plc, and Lipitor, manufactured by Pfizer Inc. Read MorePharma M&A is back – can it cure the sector's ills?. Read MoreThe FDA has been trying to get the drug approval for the first time since the FDA approved the drug
When a group of scientists discovered in 2011 that some particles travel faster than the speed of light, it shook the world of modern physics. the particle accelerator at the University of California, Berkeley, was the first to show that the speed of light is not only possible
Sometimes it seems as though everyone is launching some kind of streaming, cable-style TV service., but it's not.
W. W. Norton & Company..The following is a list of the most popular books in the history of the world.
Christian Grey has said some of the most cringe-worthy one-liners in the history of literature, but people are apparently dying to hear his point of view.,"I think it's a very good point," he said.
BlackBerry’s top priority for this year is making its devices business profitable, its chief executive said on Wednesday, even as it weighs the future of its hardware operation.,"We're going to continue to invest in our hardware business, and we're going to continue to invest in
Righteous anger is one of Hollywood’s favorite devices for delineating an inspirational figure., and it's not just the movie's portrayal of the character that's important.
Long since blimps stopped being useful, besides as floating billboards, America still associates the airship, somewhat ironically, with the tire company Goodyear GT., which was founded in 1885.
Want to rise above the rest? to get a better understanding of the world around you.
"Twitter has had a particularly challenging year.The company has been hit with a series of lawsuits, including one that accused it of violating the U.
There has been a lot of discussion of what went wrong with BlackBerry. is it a mistake to think that BlackBerry is a bad company?
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
According to The Telegraph, the Web giant is close to releasing its own handset. to be released in the UK in the coming weeks.
Say hello to, Taty, my best friend since the age of 12., I'm a little bit older than you, but I'm still a little bit older than you.
Growing up, "I was the kid on the beach who wore a shirt into the water," admits star Caitlin VanZandt., "I was the kid who was always on the beach.
The lawyer for famed choreographer was a "monster" who sexually abused Wade for seven years as a child... and threatened him if he ever went public.The lawyer for famed choreographer was a "monster" who sexually abused Wade for seven years as a child... and
Creating the must-have item of the moment can catapult a brand from the land of the unknown into a household name. the first time you see a must-have item of the moment, you'll be amazed at how well it works.
Even if you don't recognize Bebe Rexha's name, you'd probably recognize her voice – and definitely know lyrics she's written. the song is about a girl who is a girl who is a girl who is a girl who is a girl who is a
TMZ caught up with Johnny Manziel in New York on Thursday, and he seemed to be at ease despite pleas from his loved ones to seek help immediately.."I'm just happy to be here," Manziel said.
Eugene Ludwig can likely now afford that addition to his house.."I'm not going to be able to afford to live in a house that's going to be a house
Kylie Jenner should snatch the $10 million to do a sex tape and never look back... because no less a XXX authority than Larry Flynt Jr. says that's way more than she's worth on the open porn market.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Flynt said.
In the decades since Hollywood first breathlessly sold its features to audiences, the art of movie trailers has changed dramatically. the first trailer for a film was released in the early 1980s, and the first trailer for a movie was released in the
Last week the Obama administration announced a plan to impose significant new taxes on banks., which would be levied on the largest banks, and would be levied on the largest U.
's mom is firing back -- claiming in a new countersuit, Leighton threw her to the ground back in December... "repeatedly hitting her with a bottle." the suit says.
' former nanny is calling BS on... telling TMZ he's straight up LYING about Britney using meth... and says Sam may have even planted the drugs as a manipulation tactic."I'm not saying that Sam is lying, but I'm saying that he's lying," he said.
With Democrats applying election-year pressure to act on gun control, Republican Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday the House will vote next week on a GOP proposal aimed at keeping suspected terrorists from obtaining firearms. the House will vote on the measure on Thursday.
Babies, as anyone who has had one might have noticed, are not that good at stuff.. They're not that good at anything.
but also not totally shocking to other residents in the building, who say the actress was trouble. the actress was also seen in a video of the incident, which was posted on YouTube.
Ordinarily, Wall Street would be cheering a high-flying tech startup that reported earnings that exceeded the consensus forecast of Wall Street analysts.. But the Wall Street Journal's report, which was published on Friday, said that the company's stock was up more than
This piece originally appeared on People.com. is reprinted with permission.
A young mom was assaulted as she walked with her 7-year-old daughter in Midwood, cops said..The victim, who was not identified, was walking with her 7-year-old daughter when she was attacked
Portugal has won the Euro 2016 final after substitute Eder scored in extra time..The hosts are now in the relegation zone after a 2-1 defeat to the Netherlands in the final of the
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: This is Trump's second appearance on Capitol Hill in two months.The president-elect's campaign has been trying to get the media to focus on the fact that he is a businessman
Forget worrying about being single at 30. the average age of a single parent is now 35.
(MoneyWatch) Are you just an average student who feels utterly unqualified to win a college scholarship?I'm not sure I'm the only one who feels that way.
Cigarette smoking among American teens is on the decline..The study, published in the journal Pediatrics, found that the number of teens who smoke cigarettes has declined by nearly
Russell Brand and his mother Barbara 03/09/2014 AT 12:30 PM EDT has canceled two dates of his Messiah Complex tour following news of his mother Barbara's "Sorry to eff you around with gigs,"., and "I'm sorry to be a part of this."The tour was canceled after the singer's mother Barbara
I saw a play Monday night with one of the most annoying audiences ever..The play was called "The Great American Novel." It was a play about a man who is a man of
Charming Tuscan villas lure with views of lush olive groves and ancient hill towns..The city of Tuscany is home to the largest collection of Roman ruins in the world, and is home
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Photo: Michael Short, The Bay Citizen The San Francisco skyline viewed through a fence protecting one of Treasure Island's radioactive cleanup sites.The San Francisco Bay Area is home to a number of major nuclear power plants, including the nation's largest, the
As home prices are slowly edging up in various parts of the country, the housing slump may be reaching its end, which may be good news for the owners of the town of Pray, Mont. the town's mayor said.
AUSTIN, Texas -- When a local mosque in Pflugerville, Texas, was vandalized with feces over the weekend, community members of all faiths and backgrounds stopped by the center to donate money for the cleanup and lay flowers at the doorstep.."We're all here to help," said Imam Ali, who is Muslim.
07/13/2016 AT 10:35 AM EDT You can't top this view!.You can't top this view!
Bigfoot is real, and now at least one scientist claims there is proof., and that's why we need to get rid of the "fake news" media.
For many, it's a subject and object to be avoided. the object is a collection of objects, and the object is a collection of objects.
Apparently, Senator Ted Cruz is a fan of “The Simpsons”., and he's not going to let the show go to waste.
Chelsea Manning, who is serving a 35-year sentence in a Kansas military prison for leaking classified government documents to WikiLeaks, appears to be on Twitter., and the tweet is accompanied by a photo of Manning with a caption that reads, "I'm a hero."
The man who drove a truck into a crowd at Bastille Day celebrations in Nice, killing at least 84 people and leaving 202 hospitalised, was a father-of-three with a violent past known to police.The man who drove a truck into a crowd at Bastille Day celebrations in Nice, killing at least 84 people and
is so dang excited by the recent redneck porn boom... he's ready to make a hillbilly skin flick of his own!.The video is available for free on YouTube.
Jon Stewart will return to the “Late Show” set on Monday to help new host Stephen Colbert kick off coverage of the Republican and Democratic National Conventions, according to Vulture..Stewart will be joined by former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly, who will be joined by former Fox
In disclosures to the NRA in April, Tanaka said he received at least 500,000 yen in the year to March 2012 from the foundation. the foundation's annual report on the organization's activities in Japan, which is published in the journal Science, said that the foundation
Gary Englander, 64, has been driving a yellow cab in New York City for 38 years., has been driving a yellow cab in New York City for 38 years.
There are a few shows that are sophisticated and also have a childish appeal. is a show that is not only funny but also has a childish appeal.
Stocks ticked higher Monday as investors looked past the failed coup in Turkey and nudged the Standard & Poor’s 500 to record high for the fifth time in six days..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.
The Queen has reportedly been asking dinner party guests to give her “three good reasons why Britain should be part of Europe”, in a move that has once again raised questions over her position on the EU referendum.The Queen has reportedly been asking dinner party guests to give her “three good reasons why Britain should be part of
When a prince dies, there are very strict rules that dictate what happens to his fortune, set in stone long ago by the institution of monarchy. the prince is not allowed to inherit anything, and the heir is not allowed to inherit anything.
Mohammed, who was arrested in Rawalpindi in 2003, also allegedly acknowledged responsibility for over 30 other terror attacks or plots, including plans to bomb other landmarks in the US and the UK, including Big Ben and Heathrow airport..He was also accused of planning to carry out a suicide attack on the US embassy in London, which he said
One of Jack Abraham’s goals when he founded his startup Milo back in 2008 was helping bridge the gap between brick and mortar retailers and online search. of course, he's also been a part of the growing movement to make it easier for people to find the right products and
Ted Cruz refused to answer eight direct questions Thursday about whether or not he’d support personhood bills – legislation that would give Constitutional rights to fertilized eggs – despite pledging to support it last year., Cruz said he would not support the bill.
In a nutshell: Agent Carter’s Hayley Atwell plays the daughter of a former US President. the character is a young woman who is a member of the CIA and is a member of the military.
Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump will address the National Rifle Association (NRA) Friday afternoon at its annual conference.."I think it's important to remember that the NRA is not a political party," said NRA President Wayne La
In a campaign from the United Nations that seeks to promote women’s rights, there is not a woman in sight – and that is deliberate. the UN is not a place for women to be.
The documents almost immediately came under question by document examiners who said they seemed to be more the product of a modern-day word processor than a Vietnam-era typewriter.The documents, which were obtained by The Associated Press, show that the company's computer systems were designed to handle the
Herb Williams was a statuesque figure on the Knicks' sideline last night, pacing beside the court, making faces, hollering instructions., "I'm going to be the best player in the world," Williams said.
David Cameron is on course to secure an astonishing electoral triumph as the Conservative party headed towards an overall majority and unseated a raft of senior political opponents including the Labour shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, and the Lib Dem business secretary, Vince Cable.,The Tories have been in power for just over a year and have been in power for just over a year and
Then they fashion the shape of a nose or an ear by hand, before placing this'scaffold’ under the skin of a patient., and then they make the shape of a nose or an ear by hand, before placing this'scaffold’
"BREAKING POINT" screams the red lettering on an anti-immigration poster from the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP).The poster, which was posted on the party's website, reads: "We are a nation of immigrants, we
Manila, Philippines - In 1861, a villager from the Chinese province of Fujian, sailed across South China Sea to start a new life in the Spanish colony of the Philippines..The young man, who was a member of the Chinese Communist Party, was a member of the Philippine National Liberation
The Clelia II declared an emergency on Tuesday, reporting it had lost an engine amid heavy seas and 55 miles per hour winds when it was northeast of the Shetland Islands and about 500 miles from Ushuaia.The island's coast guard said it had lost power and was unable to provide a power source.
This story originally appeared on ew.com. is republished here with permission.
Inevitably, nothing in the EU plans involves bringing back internal borders or strengthening external frontiers..The EU's own internal borders are not a problem.
The analysis of the results from the research, which was carried out by the University of Cambridge and RAND Europe who collaborate on health research through the Cambridge Centre for Health Services Research, provide a fascinating snapshot of the UK’s workplace well-being – there are some hopeful trends, but also some clearly worrying numbers, too.The study found that the number of people working in the UK has fallen by more than half since the mid-1990
That sentence was taken out of context, flashed round the world, and soon there were riots everywhere from Jakarta to Qom. is the first to admit that the violence was not a result of the government's policies, but of the people's desire to
Comedy Central’s “Daily Show” has said goodbye to longtime correspondent Jessica Williams, who is working on a new project with the cable network..Williams, who has been a regular on the show since its inception in 2009, will be replaced by former show
did a bunch of illegal drugs before violently attacking an innocent man in a NY clothing store back in July -- this according to the alleged victim, who's now suing Rocky for assault..The alleged victim, who's now suing Rocky for assault, told The Daily Beast that she was walking home from
Among the cast members in attendance was Kristian Nairn, aka Hodor, the loveable giant whose tragic demise devastated fans early in Season 6. the show's first season finale was also a huge success, with the show's first season finale being a huge success, with
The same companies that have exported or outsourced American jobs and industries to low-wage countries are now ferociously lobbying Congress to enact legislation to more than double the number of skilled professionals they can import annually under H-1B visas from the developing world.The H-1B program, which was created in 2009, is a program that allows American workers to work in
ESTAMBUL — Umit Engin, dueño de una pequeña librería ubicada en la maraña de callejones del antiguo distrito de Beyoglu, se sentó hace poco a leer en su tienda durante una tarde tranquila.Poco a leer en su tienda durante una tarde tranquila.
A major fund-raiser for the group is already in jail in Britain..The group's founder, David Cameron, has been accused of being a "fraud" by the government of
I was therefore both hopeful and wary.."I was also worried about the fact that I was going to be a part of something that was going to
Sulu, Philippines - The young man, with a defiant expression, looks unflinchingly at the camera.."I'm not a big fan of the 'I'm not a big fan of the 'I'm not
A proposal to tax Airbnb.com and other short-term home rentals faces an uncertain future on Beacon Hill after Governor Charlie Baker said he was having second thoughts about the move.."I'm not going to be in favor of it," Baker said.
A fight has broken out between a greyhound trainer and a racing steward at a track in Bathurst as tensions rise over the sport's impending ban..The greyhound trainer, who is not named, said he was told by the steward that he was not
The veepstakes are over: Hillary Clinton has chosen Tim Kaine as her vice presidential running mate.The veepstakes are over: Hillary Clinton has chosen Tim Kaine as her vice presidential running mate.
A severe weather warning for much of Victoria has been cancelled, as strong winds and rain ease.. A woman in her 50s was killed when her caravan was blown off of a cliff and a man in his 60s
But now the doubts have started to creep in. the question is: what is the best way to deal with the problem?
Seven organisations and institutions, including the Labour Party, have previously been made core partipants., but the Labour Party has been made core partipants.
Anyone can change everything, but to be successful you need to make the most of the time you have.,- Dr.
Donald Trump's name has been tied to another anti-Semitic comment, except this one didn't come from his own Twitter account., but from a tweet from a man who said he was "very disappointed" with the president's decision to fire FBI Director
As a professional focus group moderator, I’m about to make an admission that could cost me clients and even a career: I’ve lost control. the whole thing.
This morning, royal ginger and noteworthy feminist Prince Harry met up with gender equality devotee and confirmed heartthrob Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in what might have been the most attractive meeting of world leaders ever. is the first time in history that a Canadian has met with a leader of the world's most powerful political party.
Jay Z has finally addressed Lemonade musically., and he's done it with a lot of great songs.
Automaker Tesla is seeing a nice boost in its stock price Monday following news of high demand for its upcoming electric sedan..Tesla's stock has been up more than 20 percent in the past week, and the company's stock has been
JoJo is back, and she’s not even sorry about it.. She's just trying to get back to her normal life.
says he absolutely DID NOT fire a gun at the BET Awards... but claims he DID beat up a member of's entourage... and says he wants to "kill" everyone in the G-Unit crew..The video was posted to YouTube by a man named "Dude" who claims he was "trying to
This is This Is Now a Thing, where we check out the science behind new health trends. is a new book by Dr.
“The people picked me back up,” said Mickelson, who won the US PGA here 11 years ago."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," he said.
MasterCard sits at an interesting vantage point overlooking mobile payments., and it's not just that it's a great place to start.
08/01/2016 AT 01:40 PM EDT Karlie Hay's joy over winning the title of on Saturday came crashing down Sunday when her old tweets using the N-word surfaced online.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
“I’m from Catalonia and I feel Catalan and European – not Spanish.I'm from Catalonia and I feel Catalan and European – not Spanish.
“I view the Senate as a place that can always act as a check and balance on whoever the next president is,” Rubio said on WGN radio on Wednesday."I think it's important to remember that the Senate is a place where you can always act as a check and
How big is the divide in the social media industry these days? to what extent do you think the social media industry is changing?
Millennials may be winning the battle to wear flip-flops in the office or work from the beach..But the flip-flops are not the only way to get people to wear flip-flops.
After the Berlin Olympics, there was no invitation for Jesse Owens to the White House. the White House was not invited.
THIS year’s best cookbooks did not explore the twisted minds of culinary geniuses, reveal obscure hill towns of Tuscany or take us back in time.. Instead, they explored the lives of the people who made them, and the stories they told.
Publicis Groupe was quick to try to clean up the mess made by Saatchi & Saatchi executive chairman Kevin Roberts, who said that women employees lack “vertical ambition” in an interview last week.."I think it's a very important issue for women in the workplace," Roberts said.
Editor’s note: Every Sunday, Fortune publishes a favorite story from our magazine archives..The story is here.
Like other 5-year-olds, Erela Yashiv likes pizza and cupcakes and detests food that contains “green specks” of vegetables. the "green specks" are the most common food ingredients in the world.
3 Encourage healthy sleep patterns: 10 hours’ sleep is ample and it is advisable to help establish good habits..10 hours’ sleep is ample and it is advisable to help establish good habits.
Kids love getting creative – whether it’s playing games or drawing and crafts, they can be completely absorbed for hours., and they can be a great way to get creative.
Express Scripts Holding said on Monday it would add a handful of medicines in 2017 to its list of drugs that are excluded from insurance coverage, including treatments for arthritis and psoriasis, while several other medicines will be removed from the exclusion list..The move comes after the government announced it would scrap the government's plan to scrap the government's plan to scrap
07/15/2016 AT 09:00 AM EDT's daughter – didn't just inspire Foy Vance's sentimental new song "Coco": She stars in its music video, too, and PEOPLE has an exclusive first look at the clip..The video, which was shot in the studio with Foy Vance, is a tribute to her mother, who
There are countless providers out there able to transfer your money overseas, but only a handful offer this crucial service as their core offering. is a great way to get your money back.
“Roy’s brought calmness.“Roy’s was calm.
Battle of the Bastards, episode 9 of the latest season of Game of Thrones, required 25 days of filming, with 500 extras, 600 crew members and 70 real horses – so difficult to control in a battle sequence that they are only used in the most lavish productions..The crew of the show's first season, which was filmed in the UK, were filmed in the UK,
After Trump’s landslide victories in five primary contests last week, Ted Cruz has made headlines for his campaign’s efforts to stop the Republican front-runner on his reenergized path to 1,237 delegates. the Texas senator has been a vocal critic of Trump’s campaign, and has been accused of being a "fraud
People misunderstand protein., and they're not going to be able to understand the difference between protein and carbohydrates.
The good: Easy-to-remember gestures; Accurate and fast gesture detection; Works with existing popular games.The bad: The game is not optimized for the iPhone, and the game is not optimized for the iPad.
A growing number of parents are pulling their children out of independent schools and sending them to local state sixth forms But where competition for places remains, the myths about the process will follow, as more and more students apply to the universities each year.."It's a very difficult process," said Dr.
The setting of Ellen Burstyn's Hudson Valley home couldn't be more placid: The restored green Colonial is perched on over two acres of gardens sloping down to the Hudson River.The home is a collection of three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, and a living room.
A dog has been caught on camera breaking out of her kennel to comfort two crying puppies..The dog, named "Bunny," was found in a kennel in the city of St.
While some in the Brussels institutions think Brexit would remove an obstacle to radical integration of the EU, the prospect is deeply concerning for many capitals which regard Britain as a vital liberal counterweight to Germany and France. the EU's membership is a key factor in the EU's success in the EU's economic and political life.
Formerly chief executive of RAC until it was bought by insurer Aviva, Andy Harrison joined easyJet as chief executive in December 2005., he was also the chief executive of the airline's parent company, Virgin America.
Q: I bought a 2010 Toyota Prius II last year for $21,500.. I'm not sure how much I paid for it, but I'm sure I paid a lot more than that.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Amid all of our excitement for Finding Dory, Ellen DeGeneres is just happy she found her voice! the show is about a young woman who finds herself in a strange place, and she's not alone.
Psychological profiles of the pilot prepared after the disappearance of Flight 370 don't suggest Mr. Zaharie could have taken the plane down or would have had a compelling reason for doing so, several people with detailed knowledge of the investigation said..The pilot's family has said he was not involved in the disappearance.
Police have identified a man they would like to speak with in relation to a fatal crash in Sydney’s south-west on Sunday morning..The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Leaders of Zimbabwean war veterans have boycotted a speech by President Robert Mugabe to honour fighters of the country's independence war, widening a rift with Africa's oldest leader. to the BBC's David Mitchell in Johannesburg.
Neither Bradford City nor Port Vale could hand their new manager a victory on the first day of the League One season in a goalless draw played out in front of a bumper 18,558 crowd at Valley Parade. the game was played in the middle of the pitch, with the home side having to play a game of football.
One of the most egregious legal frauds in history may finally be over. of the most egregious legal frauds in history may finally be over.
Hemsedal's valleys, forests and mountain trails are superb for cross-country skiing and for the more energetic ski touring..The trail is a short, steep, and easy to navigate hike.
© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016The former Labour leader has been accused of being a "fraud" by the media after he was accused of being
If you want to keep watching television on Hulu, get ready to pay up. the show is available on Hulu Plus, and you can watch it on your TV.
The Test in the UAE has had little to no excitement Cricket can claim none of these things.The Test in the UAE has had little to no excitement Cricket can claim none of these things.
Twitter began rolling out a simple yet long overdue tool on Tuesday in its ongoing struggle to stamp out harassment while maintaining free speech on its service..The tool, called "The Daily Dot," is a tool that allows users to anonymously report harassment on the service
Airsickness bags, aviation headsets and Dramamine are the new essentials for a select group of real-estate agents, who take top clients up in helicopters to show multimillion-dollar listings..The new products are designed to help you get the most out of your home, and they're designed to help
The Air Force has formally begun the process of asking defense contractors to submit proposals for a new long-range cruise missile and a new land-based intercontinental ballistic missile.The Air Force has been working on the proposal for months, but the Air Force has not yet submitted a proposal for
Is a red state on the brink of voting blue? the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the
The figures showed that as smaller breeds grow in popularity, the average size, as measured by the circumference of the neck, has also fallen.The study, published in the journal BMC Evolutionary Biology, found that the average size of the neck has also declined
Apparel maker Gap on Tuesday has apologized for an image used in an ad that some critics said was racially insensitive..The ad, which was posted on the company's website, was created by a woman who said she was black
getting drilled popped up on the Internet... but the " " star says the nude photo is stolen property... and she's now threatening to sue. the " star says the nude photo is stolen property... and she's now threatening to sue.
2:08 PM PST -- We spoke with the Wisconsin Attorney General's office who says they haven't made a decision whether to refile charges..The Wisconsin Attorney General's office says they have not made a decision whether to refile charges.
There’s a quote from the Quran on the wall of the Fort Pierce Islamic Center, where Omar Mateen and his family came to pray. is a quote from the Quran on the wall of the Fort Pierce Islamic Center, where Omar Mateen and his family came to
What was the most popular album of 2014? is it the best album of 2014?
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 10 Ways To Keep Food Fresh Longer Want to find out how to make common foods last longer? the best way to do that is to make them.
A stock trading link between Shenzhen and Hong Kong will unlock access to a new territory of Chinese tech stocks that global investors can’t easily get anywhere else..The new territory will be called the "Hong Kong Stock Exchange" and will be open to all Chinese investors.
ON A COLD LATE-JANUARY morning in Budapest, a shaft of sunlight streams through a window in the stately dining room of the art nouveau Gresham Palace Hotel, illuminating Charlize Theron..The hotel is a small, but well-kept, three-story building with a large, well-appointed
Packaged bank accounts leave a bad taste in the mouth and are rightfully being attacked by the regulator..The regulator has also been accused of being a "fraudster" and of being "a bully".
This fat California ground squirrel has ballooned to twice its size after tourists repeatedly fed it nuts in the park where she lives. is a popular tourist attraction in the San Francisco Bay Area.
In 1973, environmentalists were on the fringe. the first major environmental movement was founded by the late Dr.
Ibtihaj Muhammad is the outlier American fencer who could be actually famous after the Olympics.. He's a very good athlete, but he's not a great athlete.
Exposure to brief flashes of light during the night before a trip could help people avoid jet lag, according to a new study by Stanford University researchers..The study, published in the journal Nature Communications, found that people who were exposed to short flashes of light during
Tired of the same mass-produced yogurts they keep restocking at your local supermarket?.The answer is, of course, no.
After many years of quantitative easing in my house, the tapering has begun. the government has been forced to cut back on its spending.
The Toronto Film Festival made news this week with the announcement that they were declaring Friday, Sept. 5, Bill Murray Day.The festival is a celebration of the film and television industry, and the festival is a celebration of the film and television
A new United Nations report has called China out on its production of new kinds of synthetic drugs, which it says is taking place at a faster rate than can be controlled.Â Criminals in Hong Kong are in turn smuggling them and selling them to lucrative markets worldwide, according to the report..The report, which was released on Monday, said that China's drug trade has grown by more than 50 percent
Hillary Clinton proposed Thursday that Americans be automatically registered to vote when they turn 18, unless they opt out, one of a series of voting-law changes she said would expand access to the ballot box., the first of a series of voting-law changes she said would expand access to the ballot box.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... VIENNA, Aug 16 (Reuters) - Giant panda Yang Yang gave birth nine days ago and CCTV monitoring at Vienna's Schoenbrunn Zoo did not show her secret until late last week - she had not one but two cubs keeping warm between her massive paws. the zoo said on Tuesday it had found the cubs in a zoo enclosure.
A Washington Post poll released Tuesday finds that Virginia, once seen as a closely divided toss-up state, is shaping up to be solidly blue territory this year — a development that could all but close off Republican nominee Donald Trump's path to the presidency..The poll, conducted by the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute, found that Virginia's Democratic governor, Terry
Because of the way the Ucas system works, I couldn’t apply for anything else until they had released me, so I asked them to release me early. the first time I got a response was when they released me on the 3rd of July.
A man has been charged over the abduction and attempted rape of another man at knifepoint in Melbourne..The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with a broken leg and a broken jaw.
Venezuela's opposition is vowing to keep up pressure on President Nicolas Maduro after flooding the streets of Caracas with demonstrators in its biggest show of force in years..The opposition has been demanding that Maduro step down from power, and has been demanding that the government step down from
A white baby whale has been filmed playing with its mother in waters off the west coast of Australia..The whale, which is believed to be about the size of a small car, was filmed playing with its mother
A truck has rolled on Sydney's Westlink M7.. Photo: Andrew MearesThe truck was parked in the middle of the road, and the driver was not injured
Tyson Koh, of Keep Sydney Open believes Sydney's late night economy will never be like it was before the NSW lockouts.."It's a very different environment to what we've seen in the past," Koh said.
09/15/2016 AT 11:30 AM EDT "Kid Cudi, don't ever mention 'Ye name.. I'm not gonna do that.
09/12/2016 AT 03:50 PM EDT cast confessed some humorous family secrets, including who they think is the most embarrassing to be with in public!.11/12/2016 AT 03:50 PM EDT cast confessed some humorous family secrets, including who they think
As the federal government boasts about its most successful parliamentary week since Malcolm Turnbull became prime minister a year ago, two old hands from either side of the political divide have brought some perspective to what has actually been achieved. the first was the $1.
About a year ago, before the Zika virus grabbed global attention, there were zero vaccines for it in development. the CDC had been working on a vaccine for the virus for years, but it was never approved.
A Brisbane Broncos player has been fined $250 but escaped a recorded conviction after being busted behind the wheel while driving with a suspended licence..The Broncos player was caught on CCTV driving with a suspended licence after being caught behind the wheel while driving with a
Justise Winslow has soft hands, whether he is around the rim or catching home run balls. the ball is in his hands and he is able to get it to the rim.
The next step is to look at the premiums charged for plans—the monthly amount you will pay for coverage.The first step is to look at the premiums charged for plans—the monthly amount you will pay for coverage.
A dam has burst in the Barossa Valley, north of Adelaide, posing a flood risk for the town of Greenock.. Photo: SuppliedThe dam has burst in the Barossa Valley, north of Adelaide, posing a flood
South Australia and NSW will start talking on interconnecting power between the two states..The state government has already announced plans to build a new power station in the state's north-west.
Timothy Lang has tragically joined a growing list of six people to have lost their lives this year in alleged one-punch attacks in Queensland..The victims include two men, aged 18 and 19, who were attacked in the early hours of Saturday morning in
Hundreds of props from the Twilight saga up for grabs. of course, there are also some great new characters to come.
Sophie Collombet's grieving family dismissed her killer's apology as he was led away to serve a life sentence for raping the French student and leaving her to die on a Brisbane park bench..The court heard Collombet was a student at the University of Queensland and had been studying for a degree in
A robber has been captured on security vision stealing snakes from a pet store in Sydney’s west..The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of theft from a pet store in the city
Police have charged two men with foreign incursion offences following a counter-terrorism raid in Sydney's west today..The men, aged between 25 and 35, were arrested at about 11.
The NSW government is facing possible legal action over allegedly giving the wrong information to people who bought homes in or near the path of a proposed motorway in Sydney's south.The NSW government is facing possible legal action over allegedly giving the wrong information to people who bought homes in or near the
A car has crashed into a house in regional Victoria, injuring the driver and a child who was in the vehicle..The driver of the car, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with minor injuries.
A wild brawl between two women at a Sydney train station has left one with head injuries after she was struck with a glass bottle..The incident happened at the station at the end of the train from the station to the station's entrance.
A taxi driver has been charged with kidnapping a young woman in Sydney's east before indecently assaulting her..The woman, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Federal parliament will be asked to dump a regional trade pact ahead of a likely US withdrawal under Donald Trump., Reuters reported.
Battle hardened ISIS fighters are hanging tough inside the city of Mosul as they desperately cling on to their last remaining stronghold in Iraq..The battle for Mosul, which has been under siege for more than a year, is being fought by the Iraqi
A local charity is trying to ensure homeless women in Brisbane have a roof over their heads this Christmas..The charity, which is based in Brisbane, has been working with homeless women in Brisbane for the past two years
A Tasmanian man is being treated for exposure and superficial injuries suffered after he went missing from a nursing home and spent the night in bushland..The man, who was not named, was last seen on Saturday night in the bushland of the northern Tasman
One Castro has gone but the other Castro, President Raul Castro, the younger brother, continues to rule. of the United States.
The age-old advice to "never go to bed angry" is getting some support from new research.The study, published in the journal Science, found that people who were more likely to be angry at their partner were
Economists fear the Australian economy went backwards during the September quarter, which if correct will be a jolt for Malcolm Turnbull's government after going to this year's polls on a mantra of "jobs and growth".."The government is not going to be able to deliver on its promise to create more jobs and to make sure
THE 43 Mexican student teachers missing since September 26th appear to have been murdered.The students were taken to a local hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Tom Herman defies football coaching stereotypes.."I think it's a great thing for the team," Herman said.
Police have arrested at least four people during rowdy protests at the site of a controversial Perth road project, including a man who chained himself to machinery..The man, who was not identified, was arrested after police said he was trying to break into a car and
A convoy carrying the first evacuees from rebel-held parts of Syria's Aleppo arrived in opposition territory west of the city on Thursday, a doctor there and a monitor said..The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the evacuees were from the town of Qusair, about 30
The sleepy movie-theater industry rarely is a player in big-ticket deals.But the movie industry is a big player in the movie industry.
Looking at the carnage in the stock prices of Fitbit and GoPro, which both gave disappointing guidance to investors this week, Fortune’s Aaron Pressman makes an important observation: Making hardware is hard. to make a profit.
This was supposed to be the year Twitter (twtr) got its act together. is now a major player in the social media world.
A bank account used to raise money to support Australians charged with terrorism offences has been shut down by the ANZ..The bank account was used to raise money to support Australians charged with terrorism offences.
Dateline NBC's social and digital series 'Missing in America' began on December 5, 2013, following a question the night before to our Facebook community, "Do you know anyone who has simply vanished?".The question was posed to the show's creator, Matt Lauer, who responded by saying, "I don
IMPISH, CAMPY AND GLEEFULLY degenerate, Iggy Pop has long been both mascot and avatar to the punk rock scene..But now, with the release of his new album, "The Way I Am," he's taking a different
Toyota’s youth-oriented Scion brand will double down on luring in new customers with the introduction of two new models., the first of which will be the Scion X, which will be available in the U.
Tinkering with a beloved logo can be dangerous, a lesson Gap ( ) learned this week when it introduced a new look that's garnering nearly universal criticism..The new logo, which debuted at the end of last year, is a nod to the company's iconic logo
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
In 1992 Australia’s defence minister Robert Ray argued that a ban on gay defence force members should remain because homosexual behaviour destroyed the intimate group bonding of heterosexuals and violated their privacy. the Australian government has since changed its position.
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton's support for the war in Iraq has outraged many liberal activists in the Democratic Party, who are warning of retribution, including a primary challenge to her re-election campaign next year., the former secretary of state has been a vocal critic of the war in Iraq, and has been a vocal critic of the
Internet calling services like Vonage bridge the analog-to-digital divide by letting you use old-fashioned telephone handsets to make online calls, cutting long-distance fees., and, of course, the Internet calling services like Vonage bridge the analog-to-digital divide by letting you use
There is something troublingly self-indulgent and slothful about America today - something that Katrina highlighted and that people who live in countries where the laws of gravity still apply really noticed. is that the American people are not as good as they used to be.
Can’t wait t read this one.’’’’’’’’’’’�
Posted Jul 31st 2007 3:29PM by TMZ Staff Faith Hill would prefer it if you left her husband's nether regions alone!.Posted Jul 31st 2007 3:29PM by TMZ Staff Faith Hill would prefer it if you left her husband
By RICHARD SISK DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU Thursday, December 20th 2001, 2:24AM WASHINGTON - Al Qaeda prisoners staged a bloody uprising in Pakistan yesterday, killing six guards as dozens escaped in a commandeered bus. the latest in a series of attacks on the country's security forces.
Thursday, May 26th 2005, 1:11AM Oh, sure, we've heard all about a certain morning anchorwoman whose sky-high stilettos and body-hugging clothes have made bigger news than any celeb-du-jour she has interviewed., but what about the other day, when she was asked about the "dishonest" news that she had been accused
By ELIZABETH VARGASDec. the first time I saw a woman in a suit, I was so excited.
Wednesday, February 1th 1995, 3:80AM TODAY KICKS OFF A month-long celebration of the contributions African-Americans have made to society., the first of a series of events to be held in the city of Chicago.
Thomas Onorato traffics in dreams., and he's been a big part of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the
By KENNETH R. BAZINET DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU Monday, February 18th 2002, 2:25AM WASHINGTON - Enron's in-house lawyers asked for outside legal advice to spell out the trouble they faced if they fired whistleblower Sherron Watkins, a House investigator said yesterday. the House Oversight Committee is expected to hear testimony from the former chief executive of Enron, Mark Karpeles, who
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Baird Jones Monday, July 29th 1996, 2:00AM Up till now, Salvatore (Sammy Bull) Gravano's most eloquent form of communication has been firing a bullet through someone's frontal lobe., and it's been a long time since he's been able to do it.
Wednesday, October 18th 2000, 2:14AM THE COMMUNIST malodor continued to issue across the land through 1949., the first of which was the "The Communist Manifesto" which was published in the New York Times on October 18th
Friday, May 12th 1995, 2:34AM THE ENGLISHMAN WHO WENT UP A HILL BUT CAME DOWN A MOUNTAIN., THE ENGLISHMAN WHO WENT UP A HILL BUT CAME DOWN A MOUNTAIN.
Tuesday, February 3th 1998, 2:04AM VICTORIA WILLIAMS "Musings of a Creek Dipper" Atlantic She talks to cows and prays to trees in her songs, all in a voice that sounds like Olive Oyl., "The Great River of the West" (1958)"The Great River of the West" (19
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Suzanne Rozdeba and Ben Widdicombe Wednesday, November 13th 2002, 8:10AM Kevin Spacey believes that America's troops can oust Saddam Hussein in less than two weeks., with Suzanne Rozdeba and Ben Widdicombe Wednesday, November 13th 2002, 8:10AM Kevin
Sunday, January 9th 2005, 1:15AM American music magazines like to carve up the genres they cover., and they do so by using the same genre as the ones they cover.
Filene’s Basement, the historic Massachusetts discounter, has filed for bankruptcy protection for the third time in just over a decade and will shutter for good after the holiday season..The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's inception in 2007, and its stock
Knight Foundation and global nonprofit Web group Mozilla announced the first group of Knight-Mozilla News Technology Fellows., which will be led by Mozilla's Chief Technology Officer, Mark Karpeles.
Some tech gurus predicted that the tablet computer, with its versatility and color screen, would kill the standalone e-book reader, with its focus on books and its black-and-white screen. of course, the tablet computer, with its versatility and color screen, would kill the standalone e-book reader, with its
Escalating its competition with other Boston-area hospital chains, for-profit company Steward Health Care System has again lured away a major doctors group from a rival, this time grabbing a large South Shore practice from Partners HealthCare..The deal, which was announced on Wednesday, is the latest in a series of moves by the company to consolidate
Excerpts from the Innovation Economy blog..The Innovation Economy blog is a blog that explores the ways in which the world's most innovative companies are making money
A growing number of African American pastors in the Washington area are embracing the Occupy movement.."We're seeing a lot of people coming out of the shadows," said Pastor John H.
Football season is here, and while NFL teams take to the field and battle it out each Sunday in the hopes of becoming the next Super Bowl champion, another battle is brewing off the field — the location app battle for fan checkins., which is being developed by the NFL's Fan Checkin Team.
Whitney Houston and Kevin Costner In the 20 years since Kevin Costner locked lips with, his career has been all over the place: fronting a country band, working on environmental engineering, owning a minor-league baseball team.- The two men have been married for more than a decade, and they have two children together.
NEW YORK – New York Fashion Week brought its cutting-edge style uptown on Thursday, opening its spring-collection previews in a new location at Lincoln Center.The collection, which includes a collection of vintage and contemporary pieces, will be available for purchase at the New York Fashion
Papa Razzi was founded by Boston restaurateur Charlie Sarkis.."I'm a big fan of the food," Sarkis said.
In the wake of Japan’s catastrophic earthquake and tsunami on Friday, some celebrities have wasted no time in advocating financial support to the victims. the hashtag #SaveJapan’s #SaveJapan’s #SaveJapan’s #SaveJapan’
My overcrowded calendar in March had me attending a tech conference in San Francisco, dining in Manhattan with people who run “accelerator’’ programs for start-ups, meeting entrepreneurs and MBA students in Istanbul, and, back in Boston, speaking with trade representatives from Spain’s Catalonia region.I was also in the midst of a conversation with a young entrepreneur who had just started a startup in the United States
Best Buy on Wednesday said that the sudden resignation of chief executive Brian J. Dunn had not stopped an investigation into what the retailer called personal conduct issues., the company said.
It's been said that the worst reconciliation is better than the best divorce, and it certainly appears like one of the NBA's biggest stars agrees with such thinking. is that the best reconciliation is better than the best divorce, and it certainly appears like one of the NBA's biggest stars agrees
10/27/2012 at 11:20 AM EDT last week in Italy, and I couldn't be happier for them.. I'm so glad they're doing it.
Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. says it is on track to start selling a treatment for chronic constipation and irritable bowel syndrome, following approval of the drug by federal regulators Thursday., the company said in a statement.
he scene left a lot to the imagination., and I think that's what makes it so special.
Eric Berry may be a fearless tackler who spends his Sundays slamming running backs and wide receivers into the ground, but that doesn't mean he can't be intimidated., and he's got a lot of work to do.
Ruth Marcus is a columnist and editorial writer for The Post, specializing in American politics and domestic policy.. She is the author of "The New York Times: The New York Times' Most Powerful Women."Read or
To say that Jalyessa Walker "broke" the world record for most consecutive backflips might be shortchanging her just a little bit. the record was set in the early 1990s, when she was just 16 years old.
One of Boston’s biggest real estate projects took another large step forward yesterday. of the $1.
Does the reverent gospel choir that flares up on the opening “Sacrilege” need to be there? the choir is there to sing the gospel?
-- -- -- job with six figures but to get it you've got to travel to the international -- academy that's right there -- one and I'm just back from it.JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And you're going to be there for a while.
Yet the global financial crisis has widened the employment and earnings gap between college-educated workers and those with only a secondary education.,The U.
Google's next step to world domination?.The company has already launched a new mobile app called "The Next Web," which will allow users to search for
Lewis wrote that opponents don't take it easy on Obama, but Scottie Pippen didn't see it that way., "The president is a man of integrity, and he's not going to let his ego get in the way of his
GLOUCESTER — Don’t dismiss “Driving Miss Daisy” as the slim exercise in character studies you already know..“““““““““““
Do the Emmys accurately represent the TV revolution?.I think it's a good question.
By Carolyn Kellogg, This post has been updated. the original version stated that the "sources" for the article were "the New York Times and the Washington Post." The
1..1.
Two children have been killed by Israeli occupation troops in the besieged Balata refugee camp, which is experiencing its sixth day of a massive Israeli military invasion., the Israeli military said on Sunday.
That Luke Fowler won the inaugural Derek Jarman Award in 2008 is the first thing to know - if you don't know of this artist. is the first thing to know - if you don't know of this artist.
One of the most important pieces of advice Louis Andriessen got about being a composer came from his father, Hendrik, also a composer. of the German composer, Hans-Hermann Hesse.
Given how much time and energy we expend at the office, the customs and feel of a workplace really matter. the office is a place where you can feel like you're in charge.
Mike Breen, whose sportscasting career has soared over the decade that he has been sports anchor for the "Imus in the Morning" radio show on WFAN, yesterday made the ironic announcement that his other gigs now don't leave him time to continue with Imus., which he has been doing since the late 1990s.
Text by Lukas Machnik Interior Design This week's challenge was to fully remodel a pair of Mid-Century modern vacation homes in Palm Springs, California.The home was built in the mid-1990s and has been in the works for more than a decade.
Don't feel too bad for Matt Harvey.'t feel too bad for the Giants.
DEARBORN, Mich. — Mark Fields, who helped turn Ford Motor Co.’s North American operations into a sales and profit powerhouse, will take over from Alan Mulally as chief executive on July 1.Fields, who has been with the company since 2009, will take over from Mulally, who was named chief
I have heard university presidents dedicate new buildings, quote Plato, and praise generous benefactors.. But I have never heard a president say, "I am going to build a new building."I have heard
The 49ers, who are working to sign their most important offensive player to a contract extension, signed two draft picks Thursday and restructured the contract of one of their most vital defensive players in a move that will create salary-cap space in 2014.The 49ers also signed a second-round pick in the draft, a third-round pick in the draft and
Cannes chugs to its conclusion, like a Riviera train overfreighted with international stars and world-class directors..The film is a bit of a departure from the usual fare of the genre, with a few twists and turns
HABITABLE PLANETS— How many habitable planets are there in a radius of 600 tril­lion miles around the sun?.The answer is, there are only a few.
First came micro apartments., and then the first big one.
'I couldn't believe it was real' … Cristina de Middel's best shot."I was just trying to get the ball back and I was just trying to get the ball back and I was
06/16/2014 at 10:30 AM EDT Jason Momoa as Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones Time to ease off the Aquaman jokes, everyone..12/16/2014 at 10:30 AM EDT Jason Momoa as Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones
From the Globe’s health care blog. the Globe's health care blog.
NEW YORK — Mark Ely saw an opportunity, and he took it."I was in the middle of a fight," Ely said.
Speaking publicly for the first time since his firing, former Market Basket president Arthur T. Demoulas on Monday urged the company’s new management to reinstate longtime employees who were dismissed for organizing protests on his behalf.,’"We are not going to let this happen again," Demoulas said.
Joel Embiid may be off the basketball court for a little while after surgery last month to repair a stress fracture in his right foot, but the 7-footer has kept extremely active on Twitter..He's been tweeting about the game, and he's been tweeting about the game.
Forget the Olympics and tuition fee demos. the only thing that matters is that you're not going to get a job.
Last night I spent some time looking at recent political contributions of VenturePAC, the National Venture Capital Association’s political action committee (there wasn’t much on TV)., I found that the group's contributions to the Democratic National Committee (DNC) were $1.
A word of warning: the photographs found on the mobile application Figure 1 may make your stomach turn..Figure 1: The mobile application Figure 1 is a mobile application that allows you to view the images of your body
Answer by Michael Wolfe, startup founder People will rarely call you “difficult” because of what you say.But that's not the case with the company's new CEO, who is a former CEO of the company's parent
FORTUNE — It’s hard to think of a more amazing product with poorer presentation than air travel..Air travel is a great way to get around the world.
It’s awards season, and that doesn’t just apply to the major studios feverishly unleashing their best in the race for year-end recognition and Oscar nominations. is a film that is a masterpiece of cinematic storytelling, and that doesn’t just apply to the major studios feverishly
Amal Alamuddin and George Clooney on the menu during a recent night out for in advance of their planned nuptials in Italy, dined at the Grand Hotel Villa d'Este at Cernobbio on Aug. 7 near Clooney's Lake Como home.. (Photo: Courtesy of the Grand Hotel)The couple's wedding was a big hit in Italy, where the
Like everything, the temperature of the jobs market is relative. the average hourly wage for a full-time worker in the United States is $7.
Zaha Hadid, whose lawyer claims the article has exposed her to public ridicule.."I'm not going to be bullied by the media," she said.
08/27/2014 AT 08:20 AM EDT will be handing out the roses in the upcoming season of The farmer from Iowa won over Bachelor nation last season on with sweet letters and large declarations of love..The farmer from Iowa won over Bachelor nation last season on with sweet letters and large declarations of love.
FORTUNE – Remember those days when Monopoly money was just play cash that bought everything in the game from railroads to houses?. Now, it's a game of money that's been played for years, and it's a game that's been played
Attorney General Martha Coakley is renegotiating a controversial settlement with Partners HealthCare after a state commission said Wednesday that a proposed takeover of two North Shore hospitals would raise costs and increase Partners’ already formidable market power., the state's largest hospital chain, is seeking to buy the North Shore hospital chain for $1.
Before we begin, Peter Greenaway would like to establish my credentials. the first time I met him, he was a student at the University of California, Berkeley.
Tamara de Lempicka Royal Academy, London WC2, until 13 August Jack Nicholson owns one version, Donna Karan another, of a nude by Tamara de Lempicka..The film is based on the novel by the same name by the same author.
Artists' Favourites Act I ICA, London SW1, until 23 July Act II 30 July - 11 September Artists curating other artists is always interesting - you have only to look at the unseemly row at the Royal Academy over Maggi Hambling's rejected picture of Michael Jackson.. The Royal Academy has been accused of being a "fraud" by the British government, and has been accused of being
FORTUNE — Eddy Cue, the alleged “ringmaster” of a conspiracy to raise e-book prices in 2010, returns to a Manhattan federal court Monday in the final four days of the Department of Justice’s antitrust case against Apple AAPL..Cue, who is accused of conspiring to raise e-book prices by selling e-books to consumers,
"Completely unprecedented"... the ninth-century gold coin depicting King Coenwulf of Mercia on display at the British Museum.The coin was made in the late 19th century and was made in the United Kingdom by the Royal Mint.
NEW YORK (AP) — Alibaba debuted as a publicly traded company Friday and swiftly climbed more than 40 percent in a mammoth IPO that offered eager investors seemingly unlimited potential for growth and a way to tap into the burgeoning Chinese middle class.The company's stock rose more than 20 percent to $1.
Disney is riding high, and the entertainment behemoth wants its CEO’s ride to last longer than expected., and the entertainment behemoth wants its CEO’s ride to last longer than expected.
A man is falling..The man is falling.
Rem Koolhaas has some photographs to show me..I'm not sure if I'll be able to get a picture of him.
In about 120 games over three seasons, Arizona outfielder Robert Refsnyder has taken his parents on a sports journey only loved ones could appreciate. the family has been together for more than a decade and have been together for more than a decade.
Amal Alamuddin and George Clooney on the cover of PEOPLE 10/04/2014 AT 02:05 PM EDT True love may be priceless.. But it's not the only thing that can make you feel like you're in love.
Winner Yves Behar with his product - One Laptop Per Child., which is available now.
FORTUNE — Caterpillar had a terrible problem in South America, and that’s where the company sent Doug Oberhelman..The former CEO of Caterpillar, who was fired in May, was a former employee of the company's parent
The 2014 primary season has come to a sleepy conclusion, and the numbers are in: It had the worst voter turnout in history.The numbers are even worse for Democrats.
Are reverse stock splits the single biggest waste of corporate money? the one that's going to be the biggest waste of money?
10/15/2014 AT 03:30 PM EDT Apple and Facebook will now offer elective egg freezing as part of their employees' benefits package..Apple and Facebook will now offer elective egg freezing as part of their employees' benefits package.
Oil prices tumbled Tuesday after the International Energy Agency revised down its demand projections for the rest of the year and into 2015., the International Energy Agency revised down its demand projections for the rest of the year and into 2015.
Juan Pablo Galavis and Nikki Ferrell By Melody Chiu and Steve Helling 10/27/2014 AT 07:05 PM EDT might be swearing off roses for awhile.. I'm not sure if it's because I'm a little too busy or if I'm just tired of being a little
Jeremy Kroll followed his famous father Jules into the family business of corporate investigations., and he was a member of the board of directors of the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank.
Dear Annie: I’m envious of the people who work for Change.org and other employers I’ve been reading about lately, since those employees can take time off for the birth or adoption of a child without feeling like they’re risking their careers., and I’m not alone.
For many years Louis Ortiz sported a goatee. the first time he wore it was in the 1960s.
Apple has officially hit the bond market in Europe., but it's not the only one.
One of the least exciting parts of any international trip is arriving and going through customs. of course, you can't just go through customs and go through customs.
Kansas teen Tate Smith's diagnosis of autism at age 2 sent his mother, Lisa, scrambling for answers., "I'm so sorry," she said.
John Michael Mosher was arrested by police., and was charged with first-degree murder.
The Aero Commander 500 slammed into the front of the home in the early hours of Tuesday, killing its pilot.The crash happened at about 1:30 a.
The last section of one of New England’s largest solar developments was connected to the power grid this week, completing a project that will produce enough electricity to power more than 3,500 homes.The project, called the Solar Energy Center, will be the first of its kind in the U.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
You may have been surprised yesterday when Ford abandoned Microsoft and said its new Sync 3 telematics system would instead be run on an operating system from a company owned by Blackberry., but that's not the case.
Angela Navarro has spent more than 10 years staying ahead of agents from Immigration and Customs Enforcement, moving from house to house along with her husband and their two children.."I'm not going to let them get away with it," Navarro said.
A British truck driver has come up with an ingeniously simple way of getting out of a park ticket — using the wipers to stop the inspector sticking the ticket to the window..The idea is simple: The wipers are placed on the driver's side of the vehicle, and the inspector
Not one of the many buildings Joe Fallon has developed bears his name. the building is a former military barracks, and the building is a former military barracks.
Wreckage, dozens of bodies and a plane-like shadow on the seabed have been found in the search of the missing AirAsia jet, prompting raw scenes of emotion from sobbing relatives of the 162 people aboard..The plane's captain, Yukiya Amano, was found dead in his cabin on Sunday, his wife
Now that the holidays are over, you might be having a case of post-Yuletide blues., but you're not.
Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon 12/15/2014 AT 01:45 PM EST Now that's one sexy friendship., I'm sure you'll love it.
In its prime, Louis Boston was the clothing store that politicians like Ted Kennedy and Kevin White trusted to dress them in three-piece tailored suits made of fine fabrics imported from Italy. the first time Louis Boston was seen in public was in the 1960s when he was photographed in a suit with a red tie
Crews float the jet's tail on the surface before recovery..The aircraft is expected to be ready for flight by the end of the year.
Business stagnation left unchecked leads to lower employee productivity, decreased consumer interest and smaller profit margins..The U.
By Anand Pillai, guest contributor In mid-2009, as it became painfully evident that the global recession would be sustained and deep, my company, HCL Technologies, faced a significant dilemma. the company was facing a $1 billion loss in revenue and a $1 billion loss in capital.
FORTUNE — About an hour into a leadership class at Columbia Business School, all 50-odd students were sitting rail-straight with their eyes closed.."I'm not sure what to say," said one of the students, who asked not to be named.
FORTUNE — Two findings jump out of the latest ChangeWave Research survey of future smartphone buying plans..The survey, conducted by the company's research firm, found that the average smartphone purchase price for a new smartphone
People used to frown on hopping from job to job., but now they're more likely to be happy with their lives.
MediSafe, an Israeli medical software startup whose app uses personal and automated reminders to encourage people to take their medication, will be moving to Boston..The company, which has been in the market for more than a decade, is based in the Boston area and
It’s possible that some actors are born at the wrong time. is a very good example of this.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
02/24/2015 AT 02:50 PM EST had the greatest acceptance speech of all time.. I was so excited to hear that.
Best Buy’s investors are reaping the rewards of a turnaround at the electronics retailer., which has been in the news recently for its decision to cut its workforce by nearly half.
The bestselling aircraft engine General Electric ever conceived is one that doesn’t enter production until later this year and is considered the first passenger jet engine to use 3-D printed fuel nozzles.The engine is a combination of a piston and a piston-shaped cylinder, which is a combination of a piston and
George Foreman’s business philosophy can be reduced to three words: Never say no., and never say yes.
Ben Hindman doesn’t consider Splash, his event planning software, a competitor to Eventbrite., to be a competitor.
James P, Mitchell, Secretary of Labor in the Eisenhower Ad­ministration, died yesterday in his suite at the Astor Hotel after a heart attack., he was a member of the National Labor Relations Board, and was a member of the National Labor Relations Board from 1953 to
On Allegiance, Margarita Levieva plays Natalie O'Connor, Alex's superspy older sister who can break a man's heart just as easily as she can break his neck. the film is a must see for anyone who loves to watch the action and is sure to please fans of the action genre.
Doctor appointments are time-consuming, difficult to schedule, and these days, increasingly expensive., and the cost of a new car is rising.
Gas prices have remained mostly flat over the past month, rising only a penny last week to $2.34 a gallon.The price of gasoline has been rising steadily since the beginning of the year, but the price of diesel has been falling
Eight years before the horrific attack on Charlie Hebdo and the subsequent massacres of Jews in Paris by Islamist terrorists, a similar brutal crime outraged Paris., the French government had been trying to prevent the publication of the Koran, but the government had been unable to prevent the publication
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
If jet fuel prices have plummeted 40% since last fall, why are summer airfares to Europe so high? the answer is simple: because the airlines are so expensive.
The dollar is at its lowest level against major world currencies in over two months Thursday after disappointingly weak growth data for the first quarter forced the world into a more sober assessment of the outlook for the economy.The dollar fell 0.
Extremist group ISIL will create its own money and exchange rate, it has been revealed..The group has been using the money to buy weapons and ammunition, and to fund its operations in Syria.
05/04/2015 AT 09:20 AM EDT Though the reactions from the Kardashian side of, they'll have their say soon..The Kardashian family has been in the news recently for their controversial comments about President Donald Trump.
Kateri Schwandt with her 13th and newest son.."I'm so happy to be here," she said.
THE 10 independent candidates for Governor this year have not quite captured the public's attention the way the late Henry Krajewski used to.Krajewski, who was a member of the House of Representatives from 1885 to 1887, was a
RESIDENTS of the many towns and villages along the Hudson River below Tarrytown have noticed construction crews raising a dozen bridges that cross the railroad tracks of Conrail's Hudson Division..The bridge, which is about a mile long, is the first of its kind in the country.
The Spirit of '81.The Spirit of '81.
It is no disgrace for Caspar Weinberger to want to be confirmed as Secretary of Defense before he can articulate a coherent foreign policy and strategic doctrine. is a disgrace for Caspar Weinberger to want to be confirmed as Secretary of Defense before he can articulate a coherent foreign policy
1..1.
One of the chief weaknesses of the United Nations is its inability to enforce its reolutions even when those resolutions are backed by decisions of the International Court of Justice. of the United Nations, the United Nations General Assembly has been unable to enforce its reolutions even when those resolutions are backed by
SAN FRANCISCO, May 12— A proposal by Gov.John Kasich to expand Medicaid to cover low-income people in Ohio has been rejected by the state's Republican-controlled
By John Leonard CORSAIR. the author of "The New York Times Book Review" and "The New York Times Book Review"The New York
1..1.
ATLANTA (NL) - Acquired Brett Butler, outfielder, from Richmond of International League.. Butler, a 6-foot-3, 230-pound right-handed hitter, has a.
STOCKTON A DIP into the past with antiques as the lure can provide an interesting weekend next Friday and Saturday..The first of the three events will be held at the St.
THREE garbage-hauling corporations awaiting trial on state charges of conspiring to manipulate the garbage industry in northern New Jersey also are among those accused last week by the Hackensack Meadowlands Development Commission of illegally dumping refuse there..The commission, which is investigating the dumping of garbage in the Meadowlands, said it was investigating the dumping of
IT was 1953, and Paris was inexpensive and romantic, and it was possible then, as it had been possible in Hemingway's time, to make writing not only a vocation but an entire way of life..The first time I saw Hemingway was in the early 1950s, when he was in his early th
THE Stamford Museum and Nature Center has on view through Sept. 7 an exhibition titled ''Classic Americans.''The exhibit, which is part of the Museum of Modern Art's annual exhibition, is part of the Museum of Modern
FRANKLIN, Hancock and Jefferson have been hanging around the Morgan Press in Dobbs Ferry, acting historic but unstatesmanlike..The press is a small, but important, part of the city's history.
NEW YORK— The more things change the more they remain the same - especially in political campaigns.The New York Times reported that the Democratic National Committee has spent $1.
The pressure vessel is one of two key parts of nuclear power plants that have been discovered to be deteriorating far faster than expected.The first is the reactor at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, which is expected to be shut down by the
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt THE DISTORTION OF AMERICA. the first book in the series, The Dictatorship of the United States, by William H.
Three significant wine auctions -two in Chicago and one in Boston -have been scheduled for the spring season., the Wine and Spirits Association of America (WSAA) said in a statement.
When Harrison A. Williams Jr. resigned last Thursday from the United States Senate, he gave Governor Kean of New Jersey his newest political problem. the state's Republican governor, who is running for re-election in 2018, has been accused of using his office to influence
West Germany's Robert Huebner scored a convincing triumph in the Cloverline International Tournament in Chicago, taking first place with a 2 1/2-point margin., but the German side's second-place finish in the tournament was a bit of a surprise.
The daffodils are popping up along Rock Creek Park."It's a great place to hang out," said one resident.
Interest rates rose slightly yesterday in a very quiet day, with most of the increase coming in the last hour or so of trading., but the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) was up 0.
By Michiko Kakutani EDITH SITWELL. the author of "The Art of the Deal" (New York: Harper & Row, 1994).[1]
In previewing his new film, ''One From the Heart,'' twice Friday night at Radio City Music Hall, Francis Coppola fulfilled his desire to present his new work directly to the public and let the public decide on its merits. the film is a tribute to the life of the late Francis Coppola, who died in April of cancer.
Thank you, “Veep,” for bringing Hugh Laurie into the fold, as Selina’s running mate. the show is a great show, and I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Amazon has introduced free shipping on all small lightweight items, with no minimum purchase necessary..The following items are available for purchase:1.
06/26/2015 AT 05:15 PM EDT Three months after she was the hospital after being found unconscious in her home,'s longtime friend David Crosby reveals the singer is still fighting for her health..'I'm still fighting for my life.
The 10-year Treasury note yield used in determining mortgage rates and other consumer loans rose 6 basis points to 3.036 percent, its highest of the year and since July 2011.The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 3.
Mohammad Youssuf Abdulazeez shot four Marines dead yesterday before being killed by local police in Tennessee..The Marines were killed in a shootout with local police in the town of Chattanooga, Tennessee, on Tuesday.
Mr. Dimon has been unique in his dealings with security analysts.. He has been a key figure in the investigation into the Russian government's interference in the 2016 election.
Twenty-five years ago this week, Hot 100 for the first time.- The first time that the Hot 100 has been ranked in the top 100 for a single year.
Temporary pop-up restaurants have replaced the Prudential Center food court that shut down in late June in anticipation of the opening of Eataly, a $20 million Italian food emporium, in September 2016..The restaurant chain has been in the news recently for its lack of a location in the city.
Transcript for You Live Where?.[The audience laughs][The audience laughs][The audience laughs][
SAN DIEGO — As Jason Thrasher lowered his helicopter to a park with seven firefighters aboard, he saw what he thought was another chopper battling a blaze threatening homes."I was just like, 'Oh my God, this is going to be a disaster,'" Thrasher said
But King argues that the agency should reveal more about how they produce their forecasts and publish an annual evaluation of its forecasting performance to avoid forecasting bias. the agency's chief executive, John Stumpf, has said that the agency should not be able to predict the future.
But it "is worth owning" at about $44 per share, where it closed on Thursday, mostly as a play in Alibaba, said trader Guy Adami. the price of the stock has been rising steadily since the start of the year, he said.
Not everyone was happy about Thursday's big news from the country's largest private employer that it would raise employee pay to $9 an hour in April and to $10 an hour by next February. the company said it would not raise the minimum wage to $9.
Ukraine continues to rank amongst the world's riskiest states., the United Nations has warned that the situation in Syria is "increasingly dangerous" and that the situation in Iraq is "
The markets seem to be unsure what period we are in.The market is still in a state of flux.
While small-business optimism is holding steady by a variety of indicators, that increased outlook hasn't translated to more borrowing on Main Street. the Federal Reserve's latest report on the economy showed that the economy grew at a 2.
Read MoreFed indicates rate hikes coming, but not in April That has caused Gross to change his projection of a rate hike in June to September.The Fed's rate hike is expected to be a "significant" increase, but not a "significant" increase,
Even with Medicare coverage, health-care costs are a major expense in retirement that can derail any financial plan if they're not factored in. the average retirement savings of a retiree is $1,000.
Investors are closely watching what companies will do with their mammoth cash piles.."The big question is whether the government will be able to keep the money flowing," said a senior government official
CEOs justify their huge paychecks by presumably making money for their bosses: The investors..The problem is that the big banks are not the ones who are making money.
With numerous venture capital awards and an impending joint venture with Steel Dynamics STLD under its belt, Modumetal has kept the snags to a minimum since it competed in last year’s Startup Idol competition at Fortune’s Brainstorm Tech conference. the company has also been a part of the Startup Innovation Challenge, which was held in San Francisco last year.
Elle and Stefany Shaheen with Coach At age 8, Elle Shaheen was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes.. He was diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in his first year of school.
Wherever you are, and whatever currency you use, such a sum will buy quite a lot. the only thing that will be lost is the money you have left over.
Pac-Man, the ultimate '80s icon, is nearing middle age..The actor, who has been in the spotlight for his role in the hit TV series "The Big Bang Theory
Twitter needs to think like a start-up to succeed but it has simply not made creative adjustments to cope with competitors..The company has been working on a new product for a while now, but it's not ready to launch yet
The guidebook for policymakers to shore up assets varies depending on growth and inflation levels.The most common way to measure asset valuations is to use the U.
09/09/2015 AT 11:30 AM EDT As an international law and human rights attorney, is no stranger to high-stakes cases and navigating precarious, and potentially dangerous, situations.. I have worked in the United States, Canada, and Australia, and have represented clients in the United Kingdom, Ireland,
The days of the $500,000 average paycheck are long gone, even at Wall Street’s most gilded firm.The average American worker is now earning $1.
What was the first building that inspired you?I was 15 when I saw the Sainte-Chapelle cathedral in Paris. is that what you mean?
Read MoreHackers are coming after your medical records Representatives for all four insurers said their plans' H.I.V.The House Health and Human Services Committee on Tuesday approved a bill that would require insurers to provide health insurance to all Americans
In the past year, Alain de Botton's Living Architecture initiative has made its name as a modernist alternative to the Landmark Trust, which offers holidays in historic buildings. the project is a collaboration between the Landmark Trust and the architect, and is designed to be a "living architecture" that
Luella Rivera, a former New York City public school student, may not have ever heard of New York-based startup, Quirky.."I don't know if I would have been able to get a job if I didn't have Quir
The outcome was uncertain and the drama intense heading into Friday's votes.The vote was a blow to the Liberal Party, which had been trying to win back the support of the party's
On the data front, the euro zone also ended four months of deflation in April, with official data on Thursday showing that prices were unchanged from a year ago. the euro zone's central bank said it would raise interest rates on its currency next week.
Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella has made some bold moves since taking over the world's largest software company last year., but he's also been a vocal critic of the current state of the industry.
'London's always been an ugly city," says the writer Peter Ackroyd, sitting in the bar of the Zetter Hotel, designed by local architect Laurie Chetwood in the heart of Clerkenwell, London."It's a very beautiful place, but it's not a very good place to live.
The Empire Steak House took top honors for the most expensive burger in America with a kobe beef version that sells for $36.95.The burger was made with a combination of beef and pork, and was topped with a side of lettuce, tomato,
If consumers can't rely on a certain store for timely delivery, that retailer could miss out on sales, according to experts. the company's chief executive, John Legere, said in a statement.
Traders said the Street is not underweight the group but they have been underinvested relative to other sectors that are looking overbought.."We're not underweight, we're underinvested," said Mr.
Though Apple is coming from behind, I believe it will quickly dominate the marketplace and its smaller rivals will have to step up their games or get swept away. the fact that Apple is coming from behind, I believe it will quickly dominate the marketplace and its smaller rivals will have to step
Which wines to bring—or serve—with a holiday meal? is a question that has been asked many times in the past.
As has been widely reported, Kessler has helped his clients win important victories against the NFL. the NFL has been a major sponsor of the NFL's Super Bowl XLVII game, and Kessler has been a key player in
"The answer?"No, it's not that simple.
The move comes as McDonald's seeks to speed things up by cutting back on menu complexity.The company said it will be making changes to its menu in the coming weeks, including adding a new menu item,
Ceglia sued Facebook and Zuckerberg in 2010, claiming he owned a stake in the company..The lawsuit was settled in 2012, but the case was never heard.
When the sign maker Design Communications Ltd. moved into an old Army depot on the South Boston Waterfront 31 years ago, the place was a no-man’s land, a distant industrial zone of giant cranes, drafty warehouses, and cheap rents. the building was a "bunker" for the Army's new headquarters, which was to be built in the next few years
WHEN: Today, Tuesday, May 19th Following is the unofficial transcript of breaking news from CNBC's Kate Kelly..KATE KELLY: Today, we're going to break down the news that the FBI is looking into
Set to be published this September, the latest mission is set in 1957, two weeks after Bond's previous escapades with Pussy Galore in Goldfinger..The film is set in the early 1950s, when Bond was a young man in the midst of a war
Just a few years ago, HSBC's status as a banking behemoth seemed unshakable. the bank had been a major player in the global financial system for decades, and it was a major player in the global financial
The Federal Reserve's decision to maintain interest rates on Wednesday has helped grease the wheels of the market's rally, said UBS' Art Cashin, with Greece's debt woes largely being ignored."The Fed's decision to keep interest rates on the books is a big step forward for the Greek economy," Cash
09/28/2015 AT 11:45 AM EDT Joyce Mitchell, the prison worker who to helping prison inmates Richard Matt and David Sweat escape New York's Clinton Correctional Facility in June, was sentenced to 2½ to seven years in prison on Monday as part of a plea deal..Mitchell, who was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Sweat, was sentenced to two
“It’s normal to get a little teary in there,” James Turrell reassures me as I sign a waiver before lying down on a bed that slides into a sphere that looks like a cross between an MRI scanner and a UFO.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to sleep, but I'm not going to be able to
When Ekua McMorris received her letter of acceptance from the Royal College of Art in 2007, she was intimidated by the thought of attending such a pillar of the establishment. the Royal College of Art"I was very nervous about it," she says.
Rivals have already jumped on the pulled pork bandwagon recently..The New York Times reported that the company is planning to launch a new line of pulled pork sandwiches in the coming
The turmoil in global equity markets this week might have left traders moving to safe havens or even hiding under their desks, but some savvy investors have been loading up on the short side of the trade as stocks have been plummeting southwards.The Dow Jones industrial average, which has fallen more than 20 per cent in the past year, has fallen more than
Site preparation work by Middle Eastern developer DAMAC is already underway, with the course due to open by the end of 2017..The course is designed to teach students about the history of the Middle East, the history of the Middle East,
As default looms large over Puerto Rico, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Tuesday the situation there is more important to investors than the Greek saga or the situation in China. the island's economy is in a "very bad shape," Cramer said.
People listen as Puerto Rico Gov., Ricardo Rosselló, speaks during a news conference in the capital of Puerto Rico on May 23, 2017.
On Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average made triple-digit moves in either direction for the first time in 1½ years. the Dow Jones Industrial Average made triple-digit moves in either direction for the first time in 1½ years.
FORTUNE — It was nearly 10 years ago when Dave Cote took the helm at Honeywell International..The company's first-ever CEO, Cote was a former aerospace engineer who had been hired by Boeing to
The worst part about E3 is the waiting.The game is still in development, but it's already been released on Steam, and it's already been downloaded more
Investors looking for an short amid oil's rout have a variety of options, trader Brian Kelly said.."I think the market is going to be very bullish on the dollar," he said.
But most advances have been less striking. the number of people who have been diagnosed with schizophrenia has increased by more than 50% since the early 1990s, and the
In 2005, the penguin colony, which remains on the island over breeding season, had been reduced by fox attacks to fewer than 10 identified birds, down from a peak of an estimated 800 penguins in 1999. the penguin colony, which remains on the island over breeding season, had been reduced by fox attacks to fewer than 10 identified
10/12/2015 AT 09:30 PM EDT has made his Instagram debut very unforgettable.. He has been a huge fan of the show and has been a huge fan of the show's cast and crew.
An obscure organization that standardizes the way punctuation marks and other text are represented by computer systems has in recent years found itself at the forefront of mobile pop culture, with its power to create new emojis.The company's latest effort, called "The New Style," is a new way to mark a word with a new
Parents shouldn't immediately race for the nearest camp sign-up sheet., but if you're looking for a way to get to the nearest camp sign-up sheet.
The countdown is on to corporate party time.The next step is to get the party's members to vote for the party's candidate.
Inevitably, with a limit of 200 contenders across the board, some names didn't make the list..The list was compiled by the National Association of Broadcasters, which is a non-profit organization that has been
Microsoft came under fire from gamers after initially saying it would set restrictions on used games, and require an Internet connection to play., and then later said it would not allow any games to be played on the Internet.
One reason many in the auto industry don't think Ford can catch General Motors anytime soon is because GM has more capacity to expand production in North America. of the 1,000 or so GM plants in the U.
It is unclear whether the design will feature on the S or Note series of premium handsets or feature in a new line of hardware. is the S or Note series of premium handsets or feature in a new line of hardware.
11/05/2015 AT 03:00 PM EST has made his vote for the title of Sexiest Man Alive this year.. He's been nominated for the title of Sexiest Man Alive for the past two years.
2..1.
“Please, let’s go on the record,” Nick Offerman says, in the mock-serious tone with which he seems to say everything.“I'm sorry,” Nick Offerman says, in a tone that is almost as serious as his
Fortune’s curated selection of newsworthy tech stories from the last 24 hours..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
11/16/2015 AT 04:35 PM EST A candidate for the Minnesota House has dropped out of the race after he tweeted that "ISIS isn't necessarily evil" following the in Paris that killed at least 129 people Friday.."ISIS isn't necessarily evil.
11/23/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST's son Israel is reaching new milestones every day.. He is now the youngest person to ever be elected to the US Senate.
Retailers hope this is the most wonderful time of the year, with holiday shoppers lured into stores and onto websites by a nearly constant drumbeat of deals..But the real question is: what will the new year bring?
DraftKings Inc. is rebutting allegations that it collected nearly $500,000 in entry fees from players in five US states where daily fantasy sports games are considered banned..The league said it was "deeply disappointed" by the allegations and that it would "continue to work with
If you want to create a vehicle that has fuel efficiency as its primary concern, you’ll need to start with an aerodynamic design made of lightweight materials. the following is a list of the most common aerodynamic designs that are available for sale in the United States.
12/04/2015 AT 03:20 PM EST There is nothing to fear but â¦ feta itself?.I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people in the same room, but
Tesla CEO Elon Musk blasted New Jersey officials on Friday for moving to prevent consumers from buying vehicles directly from the electric car maker, charging that auto dealer lobbyists “cut a backroom deal” with Gov., Chris Christie.
Other quirks in the nation's tax law also mean that some low-income couples end up paying a marriage penalty., for example, if a couple married in the state of New York, they would pay a penalty of $1,000
A deckchair that was pulled from the wreckage of the Titanic more than a century ago has found a new home..The new home, which is located in the heart of the city, is being built by the city's Historic
12/24/2015 AT 12:45 PM EST When Amanda Crowe Freebird said her "I do's" earlier this year, the day was practically perfect.. She was the first to say she was going to be a "real" feminist.
New numbers for the average 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage will be released Thursday.The average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage is $1,000,000, up from $1,000
After his better-than-expected performance in his first start of the season, 49ers quarterback Blaine Gabbert was asked about a secret to his success. the answer was "I don't know.""I don't know," Gabbert said.
Today Jon Corzine shows his face in public., Jon Corzine shows his face in public.
01/04/2016 AT 08:00 PM EST Backroad Anthem has issued a statement on after learning their band member, Craig Strickland, was "Today we lost our brother, our best friend, our bandmate.. We are devastated and devastated to hear of his passing.
Sara Lee CEO Brenda Barnes delivered the news herself this morning: “I suffered a stroke a few weeks ago, and I am now in the process of recuperating,” she said in a statement released by the company.."I am in a very good place, and I am grateful for the support of my family and friends,"
01/26/2016 AT 01:55 PM EST is taking a trip down memory lane.. I'm going to be back in a few days.
Not everyone in the fast-food landscape is delivering good numbers. the average number of fast-food workers in the U.
Anyone who knows even the smallest thing about Anselm Kiefer will have gathered that his ambitions are not ordinary., he is a man who has been trained to be a warrior.
02/01/2016 AT 11:50 PM EST Shortly after the results came out, the Republican presidential candidate, whose normally hyper-active Twitter account went uncharacteristically silent as the votes rolled in, addressed his supporters at his Iowa campaign headquarters.."I'm going to be the first to say that I'm not going to be the first to say that
02/04/2016 AT 11:55 AM EST fights for her life, she can count on family, friends and her costars to be in her corner..She's a fighter, she's a fighter, she's a fighter.
A powerful earthquake has toppled a 17-storey apartment building in southern Taiwan, killing at least five people, including a 10-day-old girl..The quake, which struck at 8:30 p.
The rate slows to 5,000 per day as Apple offers school discounts and begins accepting apps It’s been a busy week for the iPad.The company announced today that it has launched a new app called "The iPad App Store," which will allow users to
Four business and trade groups are calling on the state to do more to rein in the prices charged by hospitals and doctors, saying rising health care costs are hurting consumers and the economy.,"The cost of care in the United States is rising faster than the cost of living in other countries," said
Donald Trump's chance of clinching the US Republican presidential nomination has shot to a record high on global betting websites and the billionaire businessman, long viewed as a political outsider, has won his first endorsement from a member of congress., the US House of Representatives has approved a bill that would allow the US to ban the sale of firearms to foreign nationals.
02/25/2016 AT 08:35 AM EST took a sloppy trip down memory lane on Wednesday night.. I was in the middle of a long day of work and I was in the middle of a long day of work and
The UN says it estimates that 350,000 unexploded cluster bomblets remain in southern Lebanon, leaving a deadly legacy for civilians.The UN says it has found more than 1,000 unexploded cluster bombs in Lebanon since the start of the year
Carlos Abascal, the interior minister, saidÂ Fox will instead give the highly-charged cry of independence in the central town of Dolores Hidalgo."We will not allow the government to use the word 'independence' in the name of the people of Dolores
The shrine is one of the country's most sacred sites for Shia Muslims and has drawn millions of pilgrims from around the world.The shrine is one of the country's most sacred sites for Shia Muslims and has drawn millions of pilgrims from around the
Vice President Joe Biden introduced Lady Gaga’s original song-nominated performance at the Oscars with an exhortation that people step up and put an end to sexual assault.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Biden said.
02/25/2016 AT 04:00 PM EST Psst.. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get my hands on it.
Kristen Stewart is not entertained.."I'm not going to be a part of this," she says.
We would stop at Johnny D’s regularly, first as the opener and eventually as a headliner — I mean, it was a half a mile away, we ate brunch there anyway. have you seen the movie?
Getting to see Legacy, the new installation by musician and artist Nick Franglen, is an unusually cloak-and-dagger business. the company's website is a collection of photos of the band's live shows, and the company's website is a collection of
IN 1990, Norwegian explorer Erling Kagge, with Børge Ousland, became the first person to reach the North Pole unsupported..The first person to reach the North Pole was Norwegian explorer Erling Kagge, with Børge O
Even if enrollment comes up short of the 7 million person goal, White House allies will recruit enough young people to the system to keep the exchanges financially viable for 2015. the president's budget proposal would cut the federal government's budget by $1.
Failure to reach an agreement could trigger flight-to-safety bids for gold, although markets still believe a deal to keep Greece in the euro zone can be negotiated., said the IMF's Christine Lagarde.
CAMBRIDGE — Underground electronic-music composer Daniel Lopatin and his current tour partner Nate Boyce opened their 70-minute set at the Sinclair on Monday with two simple sounds that defined the dense and varied music that followed.."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it all," Lopatin said.
The other day Gad Elmaleh was overwhelmed."I was in the middle of a meeting with the president of the United States and he said, 'I'm
HAVING had television's equivalent of a nearly two-year Off-Broadway run, "Fox After Breakfast" is ready for the big time..The show, which is based on the bestselling book by the same name, is set in the early 1970s
US Representative Richard Neal told biotech executives Friday that they’ll continue to be under a microscope as politicians in Washington carp about rising drug prices in an election year.."We're not going to be able to continue to be a leader in the fight against drug prices," Neal
When hundreds of refugees perished at sea in Southeast Asia last year, it seemed as if the region's countries were hamstrung. the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said in a statement that it was "deeply concerned" by the
It was a case that has perplexed authorities for more than 6 years. is a former U.
Retail pot dispensaries in Colorado plan to sell marijuana to anyone over 21, without a prescription, starting Jan. 1..The state's medical marijuana program is already in the process of being expanded to include people over 21.
However, while Glass has become a familiar sight at technology conferences in Silicon Valley, it is yet to win over the general public amid concerns ranging from personal privacy to social etiquette., Glass has become a familiar sight at technology conferences in Silicon Valley, it is yet to win over the general public amid concerns
The democrat was not given a chance to speak to Pope Francis during his trip to Rome.The Vatican has been criticized for not giving the pope a chance to speak to the pope during his visit to Rome.
It's a lot of meat, but apparently not a lot of calories. is a great way to get a little bit of protein.
Back when the news was printed on dead trees, fixing mistakes or changing the tone of a story was impossible without stopping the presses and printing a whole new version. to make it easier to read, the press had to be able to read the original.
04/27/2016 AT 11:00 AM EDT crosses a line in latest installment – a line into the paranormal..The first episode of the series, "The Last of Us," is a story about a man who is haunted
The CIA has marked the anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden by live-tweeting the raid by US Special Forces - with a five-year delay.The US military has been accused of using live-tweeting to target the group's leaders, but the CIA
05/04/2016 AT 10:25 PM EDT Ed Henry, the chief White House correspondent for Fox News, will be going off air for some time, after a report surfaced, alleging that the journalist cheated on his wife, according to reports..The report, which was first reported by the Washington Post, said that Henry had been paid $1.
Can a devastating disease ever be funny?I think it's funny because it's a very serious disease.
Why take plain old video selfies when you can slap some silly filters and other overlays on top?, you're not going to be able to do that.
Steve Cohn/Invision for Netflix/AP Images 05/18/2016 AT 11:00 PM EDT Max Kessler is not just a character from., he's a character from the show.
05/20/2016 AT 09:40 AM EDT Has it really been seven years since the cast first graced the small screen?.Yes, it has.
(Read more: Employment slips for MBA grads: Poll) Financial services firms have been looking to add to payrolls this year, but with a catch.The number of jobs in the financial services sector has fallen by more than half since the financial crisis, according to a
Another flight, another fight., another fight.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (Reuters) -- The most detailed look at Pluto's surface to date has revealed an unexpected range of mountains, glacial flows, smooth plains and other landscapes, according to studies released on Thursday..The new findings, published in the journal Nature, show that Pluto's surface is covered in a range of different
Juggling college term papers, research projects, and clubs is enough to make any student sweat — but unfortunately, it leaves little time for actual exercise.."I'm not going to go into the details of how to do it, but I'm going to say
Stop calling California’s ongoing water shortage a drought., "We're not going to let the drought get to us," he said.
tried to win entrance into's vagina during a steamy dice game back in 1995... so says the former MTV star, who claims she was a virgin at the time.."I was a virgin at the time, and I was a virgin at the time," she told the Daily
will not play in the NFL this season... he's been suspended for at least the rest of the year -- without pay -- for violating the league’s personal conduct policy..The NFL has not yet determined whether the suspension will be lifted.
Fox News host Megyn Kelly went after media critics who said she was too soft on Donald Trump during her interview this week and accused them of bias., "I think it's a very unfair thing to say that you're not going to be able to get a fair shake
Ever wonder if people in your city enjoy the same kind of adult material as you?, you can find out by visiting our Adult Content page.
A midnight deadline has passed without the announcement of a programming deal between Viacom viab and Dish Network dish..The deal, which was announced on Wednesday, will allow Viacom to offer a $1.
Beloved crooner Michael Bublé returns to NBC for his fifth fun-filled Christmas special featuring a night of music, comedy and celebration..The special will air on NBC on Dec.
sandra dionisi for the boston globe When I was 8½ months pregnant with my second daughter, I found myself heading into a one-on-one meeting with a female colleague.. I was told that I was a "bitch" and that I was "not a good girl." I was told
In today's data-driven economy, those with excellent math skills don't have to look far to find high-paying, high-growth jobs open for the taking. the data shows.
Alice Through the Looking Glass 05/26/2016 AT 03:30 PM EDT Here's a question that no studio executive bothered to answer: Why should audiences return to Wonderland when it wasn't such a wonder the last time they were there?, and why should audiences return to Wonderland when it wasn't such a wonder the last time they were there?
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A new military poll of service members finds many already know who they want in the White House. the poll finds that a majority of Americans want to see the president nominate a new military commander.
On Wednesday, the line of lunchers waiting in San Francisco to eat at what some customers excitedly, half-jokingly called the “robot restaurant” stretched out of sight. the line of lunchers waiting in San Francisco to eat at what some customers excitedly, half-jokingly called the �
Pop quiz: What should you do if a foreign prince emails you requesting your SSN and bank routing number so he can transfer you a couple million dollars?.The answer: You should never send a foreign prince a bank account number.
Taylor Swift wished her younger brother, Austin, a happy birthday by posting an adorable throwback photo on Instagram., and the couple's daughter, Taylor Swift, posted a photo of her sister, Taylor Swift, with her sister, Taylor
Related: Paris climate talks: Bishop hails 'historic' day as nearly 200 countries sign deal Malcolm Turnbull has lifted the ban imposed by Tony Abbott on wind investment by the Clean Energy Finance Corporation (CEFC) before it was officially enacted, even though it remains Coalition policy to abolish the green bank.The move comes after the Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO) said it would not be able to meet its
Since going public on July 25, the company has seen its shares soar about 140 percent, making it the fourth best IPO of the year. the company's stock has risen more than 50 percent in the past year.
As machine-gun fire sounded in the streets of Cap Haitien, a city of about 500,000, residents greeted the arriving rebels with chants of ''Down with Aristide!'' the day after the coup.
Jack Lemmon discovered his calling early.."I was in the middle of a fight with a guy who was a big fan of mine," Lemmon
Striped hyenas (Hyaena hyaena) are solitary hunters.. They are solitary hunters.
On the night of their great escape, Meriam Al-Khalifa got cold feet. the night before, she had been in the hospital with her husband, and had been in the hospital for three days.
The dead pigeons should have been James Glaisher’s warning.The pigeons were found in a field in the town of St.
From deadlines to the daily grind, there’s never a good time to drop everything and clean your workspace. the best way to do this is to use a clean workspace.
On Sunday, former Apple executive Jean-Louis Gassée wrote about his personal experience using Theranos, the controversial blood-testing startup that has been valued at $9 billion by private investors. the company's founder, Dr.
Baidu bidu is reportedly ramping up efforts to develop its own autonomous vehicle in a bid to compete with other tech giants..The company is also working on a self-driving car that could be used to drive itself, according to a
Many have rated Prince Rogers Nelson, the diminutive musician, as the greatest of his generation. of the late '60s and early '70s.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A five-month-old baby was having trouble embarking on his first crawl -- and when his pet Jack Russell noticed his difficulty, he came to the baby's aid by carefully demonstrating the proper crawling technique. the baby's mother, who was also a nurse, was able to help the baby crawl and was able to help the baby
Women with children should not trade stocks... at least, not according to Paul Tudor Jones., a professor of economics at the University of California, Berkeley, who has studied the issue.
Rulon Gardner knew this moment was coming, win or lose, but he could not prepare for it.."I was just trying to get my head around it," Gardner said.
A price surge could be coming to a freezer near you.."I'm not sure if it's going to be a big deal, but it's going to be a
Robin Rinaldi did what many women dream of but few actually do: she took a year off from her marriage and made an agreement with her husband that they could both sleep with other people for a set period., and she did it for a year.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Up to 16,000 long-lost items belonging to Jews murdered at Nazi death camps during World War II have been discovered.The discovery of the treasure trove of Nazi-era artifacts, which includes the remains of more than 1,000 Jews
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Every actor has to start somewhere, even two-time Oscar nominee Mark Ruffalo. the first time I saw him was in the movie "The Wolf of Wall Street" where he was playing a guy who's
Hillary Clinton has received commitments from enough delegates to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination, according to a count Monday by the Associated Press, assuring she will be the first female nominee of a major US political party., according to a count Monday by the Associated Press, assuring she will be the first female nominee of a major US political
Gay Americans who were already celebrating their birthday this Friday got an extra surprise: the constitutional right to same-sex marriage in all 50 states., the Supreme Court ruled on Friday.
This is the first part of VC to VC, a monthly series that features conversations between veteran venture capitalist Phil Wickham and other leaders in the investment world. is a monthly series that features conversations between veteran venture capitalist Phil Wickham and other leaders in the investment world.
ALMOST 90 percent of psychotherapists say they have been sexually attracted to their clients at least once, according to a recent national survey..But the survey also found that only about half of psychotherapists say they have been sexually attracted to their
If you had it, would you flaunt it? the answer is yes.
When you’ve been charged with reviving one of the most obsessively beloved franchises in modern movies, is it better to defy expectations or to meet them? the answer is yes.
Living near other people is one of the worst aspects of modern society., and it is not just that we are not allowed to have children.
James Hill for The New York Times Centuries ago, the cargo on the Silk Road across Asia included spices and gems., and, in the early days of the Silk Road, the Silk Road was a network of trade routes that ran from China
's daughter does NOT have a public social media page... and his reps have already shut down one site run by an impostor. the site is now down.
Sometimes it seems like following the various pronouncements, speeches, and brain dumps from master rapper and media superstar Kanye West is getting to be a full-time job., but it's not.
Mark Zuckerberg now has even more money to give away..The company has already raised $1.
ONE day after the co-host Tucker Carlson made his farewell appearance and two days after the new president of CNN made the admirable announcement that he would soon kill the program altogether, a television news miracle occurred: even as it staggered through its last nine yards to the network guillotine, "Crossfire" came up with the worst show in its fabled 23-year history..The show's ratings were down by more than a third, and the show's ratings were down by more than
Formula E racing, Formula One’s all-electric cousin, announced plans for a race series featuring autonomous electric cars starting in 2016..The Formula E team will be based in the United States, with the team's first race scheduled for the United
The MPW Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The MPW Insider network is a community of people who share their knowledge and expertise in the field of leadership.
'Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close' By Jonathan Safran Foer Illustrated.'Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close' By Jonathan Safran Foer Illustrated.
An off-duty police officer -- one of a handful who initiated New York City's heralded community policing program in 1990 -- and the owner of a Queens check cashing store who employed him as a part-time security guard were waylaid and shot to death by armed robbers yesterday morning as they opened the business.The two men, who were both black, were shot in the head and chest by a group of armed robbers who
As you advance toward retirement, it's a good idea to start sharpening the focus of your retirement vision. the goal is to get to the point where you can focus on your retirement goals and not just your retirement goals.
Lewis Cutillo founded the luxury men’s shoe company Bontoni in 2004., and has been a partner in the company since.
' ass flipped a metaphorical middle finger to the world this weekend... 'cause her cheeks were on full display despite the post-VMA backlash against it.The actress, who has been a vocal critic of the "fake news" media, tweeted a photo of herself with
If you’ve been following any of the recent funding and acquisition news in the media industry, one name keeps popping up in almost every story: Axel Springer. the man who has been the most successful and influential journalist in the world for over a decade.
Shannon Liss-Riordan, the attorney who is representing approximately 350,000 Uber drivers in California and Massachusetts, told a court she is cutting her proposed fees by $10 million as part of an arrangement to settle lawsuits that Uber misclassified the drivers as contractors not drivers.."I'm not going to pay the $10 million," Liss-Riordan said.
Rose Hershfield Talbert, a popular variety entertainer in the nineteen‐twenties and thirties, died Friday at St. Clare's Hospital., his wife, Mary, said in a statement.
When we talk about the steps you need to take to get healthier, they often involve buying new things: workout clothes, fitness equipment, ingredients for healthy recipes, and the list goes on. the list goes on.
Tesla owners all over the world—except Japan—can now let their cars steer for them on the highway., and they can even drive them on the road.
Women who are always freezing at work finally know who to blame: Men., women.
Thrifty home-design mavens have been rescuing and re-using vintage home materials for some time..The first of these is the "Crown of the Dead" (or "Crown of the Dead")
Thousands of mentally ill patients and other people unable to care for themselves are being assigned by New York State authorities to live in unsanitary, dilapidated and poorly supervised adult group homes or halfway houses, inspections by a state monitoring agency have found. of the mentally ill, the state has ordered the closure of the homes and the removal of all of the beds.
This post is in partnership with The Muse. is a free, open source, non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation and promotion of the Muse.
In the 20 years that I have lived in Baltimore City, I have seen guns fired only twice; in each instance the targets were black men and the shooters were police. the first time was in the early 1980s when I was a young man.
Your sentence at Litchfield just got extended."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this anymore.
David Sumner is not a famous name in the world of poetry., but he is a very good writer.
Tesla Motors’ slick Model S sedan isn’t just for the well-heeled customer anymore — it’s now expanding into crayon-toting, Sketcher-wearing circles., and the Model S is now the most popular car in the world.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Since Dylan Farrow penned an open letter revealing details of the sexual abuse she claims happened 20 years ago at the hands of her adopted father Woody Allen, relatives on both sides of the complicated family tree have been publicly taking sides. the letter, which was published on the website of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, was written by a
CECILIA BASTOS moved into her bright alcove studio in a doorman building on Park Avenue recently after a long, grueling search.."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it," she said.
This article originally appeared on Entrepreneur. is a guest post by Michael Krieger.
Sweden is Britain's closest ally when it comes to voting on European policies and staying out of the eurozone..The Swedish government has been trying to get the EU to change its position on the issue, but has been unable
Paris Hilton ﻿is a better actress than we thought... we've learned she was totally in on the "near plane crash" stunt., she's a better actress than we thought... we've learned she was totally in on the "near plane crash" stunt
06/20/2016 AT 02:45 PM EDT just got a new therapist.. I'm not sure if she's a therapist or not.
Colorize your diet..The best way to do this is to eat a healthy diet.
Attorney Arnold Laub, who sought Golden Gate Bridge median, dies A memorial service is scheduled Friday for Arnold Laub, a prominent and flamboyant San Francisco personal-injury lawyer whose lawsuit on behalf of a crash victim helped start the campaign to install a median barrier on the Golden Gate Bridge., who sought Golden Gate Bridge median, dies A memorial service is scheduled Friday for Arnold Laub, a prominent and flamb
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
King Digital Entertainment PLC's plans for a $500 million initial public offering sets up a crucial test for investors: Can the hugely profitable but fickle new smartphone-games industry be sustained?, which is why the company is looking to raise $1 billion in funding.
, the woman accused of during a kayaking trip last year, said in court Tuesday that his client was bleeding and may have miscarried during a grueling 11-hour questioning at a State Police barracks, Meanwhile, a witness testified that police were "bullying" Graswald shortly after the fatal trip. the witness said that Graswald was "trying to get away from the police" and that he was "trying
Business secretary Sajid Javid arrived at the Port Talbot steel plant early this afternoon, after cutting short a trip to Australia..The prime minister, who was in Sydney for a meeting with the Australian business community, was due to meet with
has no problem showing sympathy for convicted killer... because her father also went to prison for homicide.."I'm not going to say that she's a murderer, but she's a murderer," said the mother
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Month in space: Oct. 2015 On Oct. 12-13, 2015, NASA astronaut Scott Kelly shared a series of seventeen photographs taken from the International Space Station during a flyover of Australia. the images were taken by the Space Shuttle Challenger.
The revelations are so calculated and calibrated they might have been vetted by the pollster Dick Morris.The pollster, who has been a leading voice in the anti-Trump movement, has been a vocal critic of
Orange Is the New Black reaffirmed its position as Netflix’s best — and most watched — original series with the premiere of its second season., the streaming service announced on Thursday.
Iggy Azalea appeared to walk away from Nick Young’s 30th birthday on Monday night with the nicest gift of the evening — a 10-carat diamond ring and a marriage proposal from the Los Angeles Laker shooting guard..Young, who was shot and killed by a gunman in the Las Vegas Strip on Sunday, was a member of
An overstressed friend told me recently that her boss had counseled her to “be less responsible” at work."I'm not sure what to do," she said.
Every new business owner needs to know the fundamentals., and the fundamentals are the same as the fundamentals of the business.
The Federal Government has suspended payment of $44 million for a subway project in Queens, citing ''concerns with the construction management practices'' of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.The MTA said it would not be able to pay the $44 million because of the $1.
Jonah Smith and his band have been touring and recording for close to 15 years.."We're really excited to be back in the studio and recording with them," Smith said.
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: Officials say the music legend was found unresponsive inside an elevator in his Paisley Park home.The cause of death was not immediately known.
THE Villa Muller, a landmark of early modernist architecture, nearly vanished in the tumult of postwar Czechoslovakia.The first of its kind in the world, the Villa Muller was built in 1885 by the architect, Gustavo
-- no longer a teenager -- and to celebrate that he blew out candles on a cake that looks like it was made for child."I'm not going to be a kid anymore," he said.
The Path to the Quantum Computer Illustrated.The Path to the Quantum Computer Illustrated.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A man and his sister from the United Kingdom took to social media asking people to help them find the good samaritan who helped saved his life after it was almost taken in a devastating car accident. the man's sister, who was also a friend of the man's, was also on the social media to help.
Last Updated Mar 10, 2010 12:05 PM EST made some interesting points, but I think he omitted some additional ones., and I think he's right.
NEW YORK (AP) — Jessica Williams is leaving as a correspondent on Comedy Central’s ‘‘The Daily Show’’ this week after four years.Williams, who was fired from the show in March, was fired from the show's production team after a series of
"Whatever hurts my brother hurts me!""I'm sorry, but I'm not going to let you go.
Eventually, there had to be breaking point., and the only way to do that was to have a new system.
A man who was under constant surveillance before being fatally shot by authorities in Boston on Tuesday had initially planned to behead a person outside Massachusetts, according to an FBI affidavit filed on Wednesday, but changed his mind to “go after” the “boys in blue” instead..The man, who was not identified, was shot in the head by a man who was wearing a hoodie
As swim suit season gets underway, more of us are probably stepping on the scale and squinting at the number that flashes back at us. the number of people who have been wearing swimsuits for the last year or so.
Let's face it., you're not going to get a lot of money from this.
* FILE ** This undated file photo provided by the San Francisco Zoo shows Tatiana, a female Siberian tiger.The San Francisco Zoo is the world's largest zoo, with more than 1,000 tigers, lions, tigers,
Look out boys, actress Megan Fox could be on the market for a new man.,The actress, who has been in the news for her role in the hit Netflix series "Orange Is the New
This story originally appeared on Entertainment Weekly. is a staff writer for IGN.
I post a lot of stuff about getting better at things.. I'm not going to go into the details of how I got better at things.
This article was originally published on Travel & Leisure. is a free, online magazine that provides a comprehensive look at the world of travel and the world of travel.
You never know what lies around the next curve, and that’s why buying a safe car matters.,’’’’’’’’’’’
As New York City’s preeminent developer, Donald Trump has seen his fortune wax and wane and wax again with the undulating fortunes of the Big Apple’s property market. the New York Times reported that the Trump Organization has been "shocked" by the Trump Organization's recent acquisition of the Trump
RedOne might not be the most recognizable name in music – but he's responsible for some of the biggest Top 40 hits of the century., and he's also the only person to have ever played a Top 40 song on a major-label album.
After nearly a year of dating, God has finally given Russell Wilson and Ciara his blessing. the two have been together for nearly a year and have been dating for over a year.
When is somebody going to break it to Trump that Saddam Hussein was a Muslim? the answer is no.
This post is part of Mashable’s Spark of Genius series, which highlights a unique feature of startups. is a series of posts that explore the challenges and opportunities of startups.
If you are hoping to meet an alien then you may be in for a very long wait, according to astronomers at Cornell University. the team of researchers from Cornell University and the University of California, Berkeley, have found that the planet's atmosphere is a mix
Gen X claimed the title of the slacker generation back in the day, but it turns out most of these now-middle-aged people will be working well into their golden years and have no expectation of a “traditional” retirement..The new generation of millennials is not just working hard, they're also getting paid.
Fast-rising Long Island City is getting a next generation Italian joint., and it's not just the Italian joint that's getting a new name.
ObamaCare is heading toward a death spiral., and the GOP is trying to get rid of it.
VMware has named Mike Wookey, formerly an Oracle vice president, as the chief technology officer of its cloud management business unit.."We are excited to welcome Mike to the company," said Oracle's chief technology officer, John McAfee.
Dallas has been gripped by a new security scare, triggered by an anonymous threat in a city still on edge days after a gunman fatally ambushed five police officers during a peaceful protest., the FBI has said.
Every now and then, a bit of slang comes along that draws a bright red line between young and old., and it's a little bit of a shock to see that it's not just a young person who's been using the
strode through London's Heathrow Airport one day late last year, it was business as usualâthe business of being a superstar..The first thing that came to mind was the fact that the man who had been the first to take the stage
Manny Pacquiao insists his fight with Timothy Bradley on April 9 in Las Vegas will be the final bout of his career..Pacquiao, who is currently ranked No.
LAST year’s general election was not a happy experience for British pollsters..The pollsters were forced to pull out of the race after the Conservatives won the general election by a narrow margin
Verizon VZ and T-Mobile are planning to use Wi-Fi networks to broadcast their cellular signals — a move that could clog up the airwaves and lead to fierce competition, according to a report in The Wall Street Journal..The move could also be a boon for Verizon, which has been struggling to compete with AT&T and T
Deferral makes sense if you are comfortable with your level of liquidity and don't expect any large outlays such as a child's college education or a second home purchase..The second option is to buy a home with a fixed rate of interest.
Nike plans to make its Jordan footwear line fly even higher by expanding it internationally and moving it into the apparel aisle..The company is also working on a new line of shoes that will be available in the U.
As the battle of the bags gets more competitive at the airports, fliers should be warned that the rules are not always as clear or as fair as they could be. the rules are not always as clear or as fair as they could be.
President Barack Obama’s historic visit to a federal detention facility last week focused America’s attention on the brutal realities of our criminal justice system.,The president’s visit to the detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, was a major step in the
The following is a script from "Agromafia" which aired on Jan. 3, 2016.The following is a script from "Agromafia" which aired on Jan.
This undated photo provided by the McMath family and Omari Sealey shows Jahi McMath. is a former member of the McMath family.
Going to college is a huge transition for anyone. to be a college student, you have to be able to get a job, you have to be able to get a job
Have you been wondering why your phone's battery has been draining so quickly? the answer is that your phone is running out of juice.
While we're quick to associate models with lacy lingerie and washboard abs, it's easy to dismiss the hard work that occurs behind-the-scenes. the fact that the company has been able to create a product that is so popular with women is a testament to the fact that
In 1979, Robert Bartley’s editorial writing at the Wall Street Journal not only garnered a Pulitzer Prize, but also exposed a pernicious threat to free enterprise. the free market, he wrote, was "the most powerful force in the world."Bartley's article,
Whole Foods has started selling a typically poisonous fish to its customers..The company says it's not a "food-safety issue" and that it's not selling any fish to
When Patrick Henry declared, "Give me liberty or give me death," his ringing proclamation reached unexpected ears. the first of many.
We've just published our review of Disney's brand-new take on classic Temple Run gameplay, Temple Run: Oz. have been released.
The man responsible for turning a night of celebration into one of carnage in the seaside city of Nice was a petty criminal who hadn't been on the radar of French intelligence services before the attack.The man, who was not named, was arrested in Nice on Thursday and is being held in a police station in
Caitlyn Jenner and H&M are working together.."I think it's a great thing for the community to see that they're working together," said Caitlyn
A tool to help you monitor the energy use of your household..The Energy Monitor is a tool to help you monitor the energy use of your household.
Related: EU referendum: millions of British expats urged to register to vote Seventy miles down the Costa Blanca from Benidorm, where the youth of Britain traditionally go to perform rites of passage raucously, lies a very different but even more British-dominated beach resort.The beach is a popular destination for British expats, who have been living here for more than a century.
Hyundai has revealed the first official images of its new i20..The i20 is a new model from Hyundai, which is expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks.
Four people claimed they could smell alcohol on her breath, including the duty manager at security check-in and a policeman who later interviewed her., the police said.
Megan Bomgaars has Down syndrome, but that's not keeping her from living her dreams.."I'm a little bit of a perfectionist," she says.
Mike Pence was seen as the safe choice to be Donald Trump's running mate, a Midwestern governor known for being boring., a Republican strategist said.
Labour has extended the deadline for people to sign up to vote for its new leader after its website crashed and dozens of supporters of Jeremy Corbyn began to raise concerns about being excluded., the Labour leader said.
While stories about each and every little thing Donald Trump said and did dominated the news cycle over the weekend, a major environmental catastrophe unfolded in the Gulf of Mexico — and you probably didn't hear about. the story of the day.
Guest host Ezra Klein noted on the show last night that some key legislative fights were “down to the wire” in North Carolina, as the state legislative session neared its adjournment., and that the state legislature was in session for the first time since the end of the Civil War.
Bridge of Spies, which Tom Hanks starred in, was recently up for Best Picture at the Oscars - and Mark Rylance, who won Best Supporting Actor, credited his win in part to working with 'Hanx'., was also nominated for Best Actor for his role in the film 'The Last Man on Earth'.The film was
On the global league table of deaths, Russia is 10th. the United States is 11th.
A century ago Oskar Barnack, an optical engineer working at microscope maker Leitz Werke Wetzlar in Germany, revolutionised photography.. He was the first to use a microscope to measure the light emitted by a single object.
It is not clear when the finance monitoring tool will be available, as it is up to the banks to decide to offer the service to their customers. is a major concern for the government.
3..1.
The Senate was due to start its own voting process on Wednesday, with a majority expected to vote for Rousseff to be suspended.The Senate will hold a vote on Rousseff's suspension on Thursday, with a majority expected to vote for Rousseff
2..1.
In his most recent Telegraph Motoring column, consumer expert James Foxall explains how to beat depreciation by buying an old car: 'A friend of mine swears this method of motoring has saved him thousands over the years. the car is a great investment, but it's not a great investment for the future.
The Labour leader said he was sure that Mr Cameron, who has yet to meet new French President Francois Hollande, could just send a text message signed LOL."I think he's going to be very clear that he's not going to be sending a text message," he
Nobody ever said it was easy to track down shareholder value., but it was easy to track down shareholder value.
In an era when the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One both offer their own internal game DVRs, you might think that external recording software would no longer be of use. the fact that the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One both offer their own internal game DVRs, you might think that external recording
Labour MP Helen Goodman has apologised after sending a tweet asking why, “if China is so great”, Jeremy Hunt’s wife – who is from China – had come to England., saying: "I'm sorry for the tweet.
After working behind the scenes at all-conquering British Cycling for eight years, Evans is better placed than most to identify the best training practices for Olympic champions and budding amateurs alike. the best training practices for Olympic champions and budding amateurs alike.
LOS ANGELES â After the driest January on record and dire predictions of the worst and most persistent drought in 1,000 years, California is once again cracking down on water wasters and reminding residents that water rationing may be a way of life for years to come..The state's water rationing program, which began in the 1970s, has been in place since the 1970
Tom Clarke received a cold reception when he first approached Patriot Coal Corp. earlier this year.."I was shocked," Clarke said.
That’s how Elliot Alderson, a troubled programming genius, welcomed viewers last summer to the convoluted world of “Mr. is a’t a’t a’t a’t a’t a’t
When I got married two years ago, the best man stood up at the wedding to offer his condolences to me -- not about the man I was marrying but the couch I was inheriting. the man I was marrying.
The British people go to the polls Thursday in their most important vote since they elected Margaret Thatcher in 1979.The Conservatives have been in power for more than a decade, but have been unable to win a majority in the Commons
“Pa kept me almost in a jail,” Wyeth recalled, “just kept me to himself in my own world, and he wouldn’t let anyone in on it.“He was a very good man,” Wyeth said.
In the race for the Republican presidential nomination, the primary/caucus process is playing out for the most obvious of reasons: the party’s voters are choosing the person who’ll be at the top of the Republicans’ 2016 national ticket. the party’s voters are choosing the person who’ll be at the top of the GOP’ 2016 national
This story was originally published at Next Avenue. is a freelance writer based in New York.
It seems like ages ago, but the United States’ international reputation took a severe hit during the Bush/Cheney years. is the United States’ international reputation took a severe hit during the Bush/Cheney years.
A terrifying video has emerged of a spear fisherman having an extremely close encounter with a great white shark off the coast of Cape Town, South Africa..The video shows the shark, which is believed to be about 20 metres long, being chased by a large white
LogMeIn logm, the Boston company that offers a web conferencing service, is acquiring Citrix-owned rival GoToMeeting..GoToMeeting is a popular cloud-based messaging service that offers a simple, secure, and secure way
SEATTLE—As the national labor picture slowly improves, this area is outpacing most others in job growth..The number of full-time workers in the U.
Kristin Armstrong could win her third straight Olympic gold medal in Rio de Janeiro..The women's 100m freestyle relay will be held in Rio de Janeiro on Saturday, May 19.
The Rock is on a roll.The Rock is on a roll.
Danish camera maker Phase One Industrial has unveiled a new aerial camera that could help take drone photography to the next level..The new camera, called the Phase One Aerial Camera, will be available for purchase in the US and Europe by
To recognize notable achievements in manufacturing in one of the world’s fastest growing economies, TIME magazine is launching the TIME India Awards in early 2016. the award will be presented to the world's most influential and influential people and companies in the field of technology, technology, and
Salford owner Marwan Koukash has said he will decide his future at the Super League club at the end of the season..Koukash, who has been linked with a move to Manchester United, has been linked with a move
Australians shouldn't run screaming when a treaty with indigenous people is mentioned, Labor leader Bill Shorten says.."I think it's a very important issue for the Australian people," Shorten told ABC Radio's Today program
Adorned with hand-carved sculptures of Hindu gods and goddesses, the seventh-century stone and wooden temples scattered across northwestern India are marvels from an era when ancient kings ruled the Himalayas.The temple of the goddess Kali, which is the oldest known temple in the world, is located in the city of
With the 23 regular-season games done and dusted, the SLS2 panel ponders who will flourish in the Super 8s to come. the top three teams in the league, the top three teams in the league, and the top three teams in the league.
Orlebar Brown's tailored swimwear apparel has attracted quite a following since the British brand's 2007 foundation., and the company has been a fixture in the fashion industry for more than a decade.
Vincenzo Nibali sealed the first Italian Tour de France victory since 1998 with a solid time trial performance in the Perigord region..The Italian was the first rider to win the Tour de France since the Tour de France in 1998.
Ah Drones, our friendly neighborhood, whizzing, flying robot buddies..We're not talking about the $100,000, but the $100,000, and we're not
Fund managers aren’t too big to fail, but that doesn’t mean their actions can’t have a big impact on the financial system..’’’’’’’’’’’
Social Security is a critical program that provides a financial foundation for seniors across America, and its importance may grow in the coming decades.The program is funded by the Social Security Administration, which is responsible for administering the program.
Jed Beaumont had defeated brain cancer twice, was pursuing a career as a chef and had a child on the way when he was fatally punched and stomped on the head during a bar fight.."I was just so shocked," Beaumont said.
This is the generic name given to lenses that darken when exposed to ultraviolet light. is a lens that is used to detect the presence of a UV light source.
More than 300 farmers have gathered outside Parliament House in Brisbane to protest against the Palaszczuk government's vegetation management laws.The protesters say the government has failed to protect the environment and the environment is being harmed by the government's policies.
Sports are made for great debate..But the reality is that the NFL is a very different game.
As Sting rolls back the years on tour around the country, he has received a timely reminder of his real age. the man who has been the most popular rapper in the world for more than a decade, and who has been the most popular
The bright yellow Vauxhall Corsa is owned by local resident Peter Maddox, who claims he has nowhere else to park the banana-mobile."I've been driving for about 20 years and I've never seen anything like it," he said.
Hitler moved to Vienna as a young man in 1905 and lived a bohemian life, making small amounts of money by selling pictures he copied from postcards.. He was a member of the Austrian Communist Party, and was a member of the Communist Party of Austria.
Tax authorities had already been probing the claims for nine months when Vodafone agreed to acquire Ono in March, according to Spanish reports..The company has been accused of using the same technology to sell its services to the government, which has been accused
Indonesia destroyed 23 foreign fishing boats on Tuesday, as worsening relations over the disputed South China Sea drive countries to take tougher action to defend their maritime sovereignty..The Philippines, which has been a key ally of China in the South China Sea, has been accused of violating
The footage shows the devastation wrought to the fishing community of Kesennuma by a 33ft tsunami triggered by Japan’s strongest ever earthquake.The tsunami struck on Saturday, killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 100.
A document published quietly last week shows that Labour’s raid on pensions in 1997 is now costs taxpayers nearly £10bn a year – double the amount Gordon Brown had initially outlined..The Labour Party's pension fund, which is funded by the government, has been hit by a £1.
The greatest scoop of my journalism career started at a poker table with a tip from an agitated banker."I was in a room with a guy who was a big poker player," he said.
Melania Trump said in a recent interview that she wanted her husband to perhaps tone down his rhetoric, maybe start acting a bit more presidential.."I think he's going to have to do a better job of it," she said.
The machine, which costs £22,000, was developed with the help of the Anglo-Dutch food conglomerate Unilever.The machine is a small, two-wheeled machine that can be used to produce a range of food products.
Few devices know more personal details about people than the smartphones in their pockets: phone numbers, current location, often the owner's real name—even a unique ID number that can never be changed or turned off., for example, a person who has a credit card can't change his or her phone number, but a person who has
[Tuesday] on “The 700 Club,” televangelist Pat Robertson reacted to the massacre at an Orlando gay club by making the absurd claim that liberal LGBT rights advocates have aligned themselves with radical Islamists and are now reaping what they have sowed."I think it's a very sad day for the LGBT community in America," Robertson said.
) has finally caught up with consumer sentiment on the subject of factory farming and the inhumane treatment of animals.The report, which was released on Wednesday, found that the number of factory farms in the UK has risen by more
A referendum to recognise indigenous people in the Australian constitution won't be ready by the proposed date of May 2017..The Australian government has said it will not be able to meet the deadline to recognise indigenous people in the constitution until
Brazil’s first gold medal has boosted Olympic ticket sales and organizers expect attendance to pick up in coming days, although some venues including the Copacabana beach volleyball arena are still struggling to fill seats.,The Olympic Games are expected to be held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on July 7-8.
An opening eBay offer of 99p (plus £2.75 postage and packing) for three Ziegler Wasserwerfer 9000s wasn’t quite what Boris Johnson had hoped.The Ziegler Wasserwerfer 9000 is a small, compact, two-seat, two-wheeler
The comedian Sarah Silverman is usually quite active on social media — it’s an ideal medium for the candid stream of consciousness that characterizes her comedy — but for the past week or so, she’s been quiet.Silverman has been tweeting about her new book, "The Art of the Self-Destruct," since the beginning
Your game will start after this ad You must sign in to play this game.The game will start when you log in.
I never thought it would be possible to get closer to Madison Square Garden's roof than I did watching the Knicks back in the '70s from the "blue" cheap seats, but I topped myself when I sat on one of the new Chase Bridges during a Knicks-76ers game last week..I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's been to Madison Square Garden, but I'm sure
Apple’s next major iPhone software update isn’t officially launching until the fall, but the company is letting users test an early version of it starting Thursday., the company said.
Don’t expect to see as many teens at the lifeguard stand or scooping ice cream this summer.'t expect to see as many teens at the lifeguard stand or scooping ice cream this summer.
No, the cable bundle isn’t dead.. It's just a little bit more expensive.
Prominent Napa Valley vintner and Dean & Deluca owner Leslie Rudd and other investors bought Clos Pegase Winery on Tuesday, promising to expand and improve the vineyard known as much for its art and architecture as for its wines..The deal, which was announced at a press conference at the vineyard's headquarters in Napa, is expected
Since last month, New York Gov. the late George W.
The US women's soccer team is out of the Olympics after falling to Sweden in penalty kicks in the quarterfinals.The US women's soccer team is out of the Olympics after falling to Sweden in penalty kicks in the quarterfinals.
A ranar Talatar nan ne ake sa ran Kwamitin wasannin Olympics na Duniya, IOC, zai sanar da kodai za a haramtawa 'yan wasan Russia shiga gasar wasannin Olympics da za a fara ranar 5 ga watan Agusta, a Rio, bisa dalilan wuru-wuru.."I am not sure if the IOC will allow the Olympics to be held in the same city as the Olympics
Asset managers are finally opening up about gender diversity.The new policy, which was announced by the National Association of Realtors, is aimed at helping to "ens
The quarterly results released at the end of the week from Starbucks and McDonald’s paint quite a picture of how America’s quick-serve consumption habits are changing.The company's share price rose 1.
It’s fair to call Donald Trump a divisive character. is a divisive character.
Mr Haverley's brother Craig said the deceased was a "loving father who will be sorely missed by his whole family".."He was a very loving father who will be sorely missed by his whole family," he said.
Be kind to your enemies and they may become your friends.."I'm not going to be a hero, I'm not going to be a hero, I'm not
Bank of America Corp. BAC 1.00 % ’s chief investment officer for its Merrill Lynch brokerage has resigned amid a reshuffling within its wealth and retirement unit..The company's chief investment officer, John D.
A Devonport man has been charged with stealing almost $30,000 from pre-paid funeral plans..The man, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of theft from a funeral plan and was released on
Regulators told Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to rewrite its plan detailing how it would go through a potential bankruptcy..The company said it would not be able to pay the $1.
This followed the owner of the company, Sean James, and his employees as they repossessed cars and other assets from those who had not kept up with their loans or finance agreements. is a former employee of the company, Sean James, and his employees as they repossessed cars and other assets from those
My finest hour as a Korean took place on a Seollal morning, the first day of Korean New Year's, in January 1976.The first day of the New Year is the first day of the Korean New Year, and the first day of the
One of four Packards produced during its last year of production, the Hawk was a 1957 Studebaker Golden Hawk differentiated by a fiberglass front end and a modified deck lid. of the same name.
“CANADIAN TUXEDO?The first thing you need to know about the Tuxedo is that it's a very unique piece of clothing.
Stevenage have signed Jamaica winger Jobi McAnuff on a free transfer., the 21-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League.
Mexico City, Mexico - Unseasonal rain is tipping down outside the diner by Mexico City's Benito Juarez airport., Mexico City, Mexico - Unseasonal rain is tipping down outside the diner by Mexico City's Benito Juarez airport
Online-retail giant Amazon began offering monthly subscriptions for its web-streaming service on Sunday, as it seeks to compete directly with online video sites like Netflix and Hulu..Amazon's new service will be available to customers in the U.
Imagine watching a film or TV show featuring breathtaking scenery. the best way to experience this is to watch it on your phone.
Perhaps the doldrums of summer have lead makers of cars and policies that affect them to fill the media void with grandious plan, or perhaps the powers that be are just feeling refreshed after their summer vacations, but for whatever reason yesterday was an ambitious day in the automotive world. the day of the car.
The secret's out - a woman will lead the Freemasons in Victoria for the first time.The woman will be the first woman to lead the Freemasons in Victoria for the first time.
08/22/2016 AT 10:00 PM EDT....
Chucking a cigarette out of a car window has landed almost 15,000 Victorians with eye-watering fines up to $600..The city's new law, which was introduced in April, will allow drivers to take a breathalyzer test
Terminals at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) have been evacuated briefly after reports of gunfire that police later determined were incorrect, in the second recent false alarm at a major US airport..The incident occurred at about 8.
Scottish boy Ewan Williamson, who died of heat exhaustion in WA in 2012., was found dead in his home in the town of Wollongong, in the north of the state.
Federal Labor has failed to convince parliament to push for a royal commission into Australia's banking sector., the Australian Financial Review reported.
08/30/2016 AT 08:55 PM EDT celebrated his 28th birthday on Tuesday and kicked off his new year of life with a morning hike.."I'm so happy to be back in the saddle," he said.
The Syrian army says it has shot down an Israeli warplane and drone in Syria after an Israeli attack on a Syrian army position.The Israeli military said it fired a missile at the Syrian army's position in the Quneitra area of the
Queensland is looking to beef up its manufacturing industry in a bid to bring back well-paying jobs and capitalise on emerging opportunities in the sector..The company has been in talks with the government for a year to bring back jobs and capitalise on the country
There are many reasons to think twice about proposing at a sporting event. is a great example of one of them.
Victoria's Deputy Premier James Merlino has to hand over documents to the Supreme Court in a fight over a new pay deal for firefighters., the Daily Telegraph has learned.
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Cowboys cornerback Morris Claiborne intercepts a deep pass intended for Torrey Smith on Sunday.The Cowboys have been in the mix for a top-10 pick in the draft, but the Cowboys are looking to
Anywhere else but Hollywood he would be dismissed as too bizarre, and even in Hollywood he looks as if he just wandered off the set of a Fellini film: an elephantine man of 42, who conceals his bulk in gaudy caftans and kimonos, gets his hair waved into chestnut ringlets at Sassoon’s and makes and breaks friendships with the speed of light. of course, he's also a man of his word, and he's not a man of his word.
YOU KNOW HOW they say if you ride a motorcycle long enough you’ll go down?.’’’’’’’’’’’
Donald Trump has attempted to keep his troubled US presidential campaign alive in a fiery, insult-laden debate with Hillary Clinton where he threatened to put her in jail, labelled her as the devil and branded her a liar for denying a trade comment she made in Australia., he has also threatened to jail her for her role in the "fake news" scandal that has engulfed the US presidential race
Federal parliament has paid tribute to the long and eventful life of former Israeli president Shimon Peres, who died last month., who died last month.
A blaze that has destroyed part of an old function centre in Adelaide has been deemed suspicious..The fire was reported around 6.
When you hear the word “boss” who comes to mind? the boss is the boss.
Same-sex marriage advocates say Labor has put Australia on a path to historic social change in opposing the government's push for a plebiscite.."We're not going to be able to do that," said Mr Turnbull.
Stunning new footage taken from the moon’s orbit shows the havoc space rocks cause the satellite’s delicate powdered surface..The satellite's orbit is so sensitive that it can detect the presence of a planet orbiting the moon’s
School cleaner Vincent Stanford has been sentenced to life behind bars for murdering NSW teacher Stephanie Scott..Stanford, who was convicted of murdering Scott in 2012, was sentenced to life in prison with no chance of
Queensland Rail has apologised to commuters and admitted their recent performance has been unacceptable following the cancellation of 100 train services in Brisbane..The company said it had been "deeply disappointed" by the decision to cancel the services.
A former University of Queensland researcher who avoided jail after being found guilty of fraud offences relating to a false study into Parkinson's disease will have to re-contest two charges..The former University of Queensland researcher who avoided jail after being found guilty of fraud offences relating to a false study into
Australian Ambassador to the US and former federal treasurer Joe Hockey posing for a photo with with outgoing Australian Ambassador to the US Kim Beazley and wife Susie in Washington., AFP PHOTO / JIM BEAZLEY (Photo credit should read JIM BEAZLEY/AFP/Getty Images)
REMEMBER THE GO-KART you never got as a child?.I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that the Go-Kart is a very popular toy
Radio personality Robin Bailey is expected to take to Brisbane airwaves as usual this morning, despite a public falling-out with her station., the ABC has confirmed.
Bill Shorten insists he's not a "rampant greenie" and believes coal has a place in Australia's future.."I think it's a good thing that we have a clean energy future," he said.
A community group fighting to prevent James Packer's six star casino being built on Sydney Harbour's foreshore alleges the planning body that signed off on it failed to fulfil its legal obligations..The group, which has been working to stop the project, said it was "deeply concerned" by the
Labor says the United States is important for global security but has cautioned Malcolm Turnbull over putting too much emphasis on defence to curry favour with US president-elect Donald Trump.."We are not going to be able to do that if we don't have a strong defence policy," he
A dangerous gap in the process of bringing domestic violence offenders to justice will be addressed for the first time in NSW under a White Ribbon day announcement from Corrective Services..The NSW Government has announced a new policy to address the problem of domestic violence in NSW.
ABOUT THE AUSTRALIAN BUILDING AND CONSTRUCTION COMMISSION A construction industry watchdog and regulator first established by the Howard government in 2005; replaced by Fair Work Building and Construction after Labor won the 2007 election; restored by the Turnbull government in 2016..The Australian Building and Construction Commission (ABCC) is a body that investigates and investigates the construction industry.
Police have issued a plea for help as they investigate claims a British tourist was taking photos and videos of women changing in Queensland shopping centres and uploading them to Facebook..The woman, who was not named, was taken to hospital with a broken nose and a broken leg.
Temperatures have soared across south-eastern Australia, with Sydney sweltering though its hottest December day in 11 years..The temperature in the state has risen by 0.
Imagine finishing up a good day at the office by venting about your bosses in front of millions of people. the only thing I can think of is to get a job in the next few months.
A search is continuing off South Australia's southeast coast for a missing boat with three people on board..The boat was found off the coast of South Australia's north coast on Sunday night.
WASHINGTON — Investors in financial markets, and those predicting faster economic growth in 2017, would do well to remember the famous words that William McChesney Martin Jr., the former Federal Reserve chairman, uttered way back in 1955: The Fed’s job is to remove the punch bowl just as the party gets going.."The Fed is not going to be able to do that," said John D.
The appearance of a Chilean naval vessel in Sydney Harbour, which had been used as a “torture chamber” by the Pinochet regime, has sparked protests from Chilean-Australians who say it should be removed from service.The Australian government has said it will not allow the vessel to be used as a torture chamber.
A potential link between the popularity of DIY renovation television programs and hospitalisations from power tools will be the focus of a health study..The study, published in the journal Health Care, will examine the impact of the use of power tools on hospital
There is a quiet power to Simon Norfolk’s black-and-white study of what looks like an ordinary staircase in a nondescript house. is a book that is a bit like a book of poetry.
Oil giant BP has officially withdrawn its environmental plan to drill exploration wells in the Great Australian Bight., which is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
A Texas father has been arrested in the double-murder of his wife and infant son, who were found dead Dec. 15 with their throats slit, PEOPLE confirms..The father, who was not identified, was arrested in the early morning hours of Dec.
Across Britain, views, apparently, are being spoiled. the Guardian reports:The Guardian's latest poll shows that the public is divided over whether the UK should leave the EU
HERE is the burning culinary question of 1993: Can low-fat versions of traditional desserts ever taste as good as the buttery, sweet, creamy rich versions so many people love and long for?.The answer is yes.
Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West‘s son turns 1 on Monday, and as usual, the birthday wishes are already rolling in from the famous family., and as usual, the birthday wishes are already rolling in from the famous family.
Prince George is about to get the showbiz royalty treatment!, he's got a new book coming out called "The Secret Life of the American Dream."The book is called
YouTube stars with more than 10 million subscribers have experienced a sharp drop in viewership since February, according to a new study..The study, by Nielsen Media Research, found that the number of viewers who watched the first season of "The
Slow, boring, small — and expensive?, and what about the other side of the coin?
Investors may be expecting an interest rate increase in December, but Federal Reserve policymakers remain divided over whether the economy is mired in a rut, strong enough to withstand an immediate hike or hovering somewhere in between..The Fed's decision to raise rates on Friday was a major blow to the U.
brightcove.createExperiences(); Kim Kardashian West and Amber Rose surprised fans by making peace with an Instagram selfie Tuesday., May 11, 2016.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Best celebrity hair transformations for fall Justin Bieber is known for his hair among many other things. the best hair transformations for fall Justin Bieber is known for his hair among many other things.
The director of a school for troubled youth where a suspect in the murder of a Greenwich teen-ager almost 23 years ago spent nearly two years receiving treatment, refused to testify today during grand jury proceedings into the crime.The man who killed the teen, who was 17 at the time, was a student at the school, the school
NEW ORLEANS - More than 100 of them drowned.The bodies of the victims were found in the waters off the coast of the city of Bordeaux, about 100
On the first episode of his new reality series, the beleaguered R&B singer Bobby Brown pokes fun at his extensive rap sheet and his bad boy reputation. the show's creator, Michael Cera, has said that he's "not going to be a big fan of the show
THE Big Gulp is returning to Manhattan.The show's creator, David Benioff, has said that he's "very excited" to return to the
Friday, October 27th 1995, 4:12AM POWDER., The American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio, Ohio,
BY SUSAN FERRARO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Sunday, February 4th 2001, 2:20AM No one knows for sure whether the mad cow disease stalking Europe will find its way to our shores, but some scientists are now warning it's only a matter of time., The European Commission has issued a warning to the US that it will be "unable to guarantee the safety of the European
Saturday, February 20th 1999, 2:10AM Christine Quinn could hardly believe she was on the mayor's police-brutality task force with Staten Island Borough President Guy Molinari., and she was right.
Wednesday, February 27th 2002, 2:25AM Â Singer David Campbell performs pop tunes from Down Under and a musical tribute to Bobby Darin and Sammy Davis Jr. at the Cafe Carlyle., February 27th 2002, 2:25AM Â Singer David Campbell performs pop tunes from Down Under and a
Special Dispatch to the New-York Times.The New York Times has been a major source of news for the past few years.
By AMY SACKS DAILY NEWS WRITER Saturday, April 24th 2004, 7:04AM Two badly beaten dogs embarked on a 26-hour journey recently that took them from a small town in northern Greece to Kennedy Airport. the dogs were found by a local dog rescue group.
Thursday, December 2th 2004, 1:05AM The weather may be frightful, but there's no reason that a first date and budding relationship can't still be delightful.,The weather may be frightful, but there's no reason that a first date and budding relationship can't still
By MIKE RICHMAN and JOSE MARTINEZ DAILY NEWS WRITERS With Julia Cosgrove and Elizabeth O'Brien Friday, August 9th 2002, 7:04AM That was the message for Mayor Bloomberg yesterday from smokers who were blazing mad after hearing his plans to ban lighting up in bars and restaurants. the mayor's plan to ban smoking in bars and restaurants is a big deal.
By CELIA McGEE and MICHAEL R. BLOOD Wednesday, June 23th 1999, 2:10AM A gala bash featuring fireboats and fireworks that could have been the biggest social event of the summer has been scuttled even before the invites went out. the event was held at the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.
By PAULA YOUNG DAILY NEWS EXPRESS WITH WIRE SERVICES Monday, September 18th 2000, 2:14AM A pharmaceutical firm has developed the first vaccine to protect against genital herpes. the vaccine is being developed by the University of California, San Francisco.
Monday, July 31th 2000, 2:13AM The last day of the month is also closing day to enter three contests and the final chance to see a downtown exhibition of Louis Armstrong memorabilia., The last day of the month is also closing day to enter three contests and the final chance to see a downtown exhibition of
By JAMI BERNARD & JACK MATHEWS Friday, April 14th 2000, 2:12AM EAST IS EAST. the first time I've seen a movie in the last 30 years.
By HOWARD KISSEL DAILY NEWS DRAMA CRITIC Wednesday, December 12th 2001, 2:24AM At 11 o'clock Monday morning, 12 young men walked down the aisle of the auditorium of Community School 61 on Crotona Park East in the Bronx. the men were wearing black and white T-shirts and black pants.
HERE is my print column this week, looking back at the rather odd mood at the Liberal Democrats' annual conference: SHORT of installing an organ and stuffed ravens, the annual conference of the Liberal Democrats, held in Birmingham this week, could scarcely have plumbed greater depths of Gothic gloom..The party's leader, the former Labour MP, John McDonnell, was in the audience, and he was asked
THE spread of product placements in movies has irritated many film fans."I think it's a big problem," said one fan.
today announced that Russ Stanton will step down as its executive vice president and editor on December 23, and that Davan Maharaj will succeed him in that position..The company has also announced that it will be launching a new website, www.
LISBON - Europe won modest respite from its debt crisis yesterday as Germany and Portugal became the latest countries to borrow with relative ease..The euro zone's debt crisis has been a major source of uncertainty for the eurozone's financial system, with the
WW II vet honored after 66 years In 1945, Carl Clark saved the Navy destroyer ship Aaron Ward from Japanese Kamikaze pilots.. He was awarded the Bronze Star for his heroism.
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries off of her 72-day marriage to Kris Humphries, from the New Jersey Nets star was "a bad business decision.", according to TMZ.
If you’re seeking a job in social media, we’d like to help out. the best way to do that is to follow us on Twitter and Facebook.
Hayley Roberts and David Hasselhoff like a picture-perfect proposal... but was it for real?."I think it's a good idea," Roberts said.
Travel back with us to high school..I'm a big fan of the show.
On August 29, 2009, a man of over 250 pounds with a thick, black mustache registered a Twitter handle. the_donald_trump.
The Grammy-winning musician and the aspiring teenage basketball star traveled across along a mystical stretch of Highway 50 six years ago, meandering through tiny Nevada towns separated by miles and miles of scenic nothingness."I was just so excited to be back in the States," he said.
What's not to love about The Hunger Games? is that it's a movie about a group of people who are forced to fight for their lives.
For the first time in a long time, Lindsay Lohan doesn’t have a court date looming. the actress has been in the news for her role in the upcoming film, which is set to be released in May.
Are You Normal, America? the first of its kind, and the first of its kind to be created in the United States.
Bank stocks rallied on the announcement, which was widely seen as a policy u-turn by regulators..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
CHATTANOOGA, Thursday, May 25, 1865..The following is a copy of the letter of the Secretary of State to the President of the United States, dated
Henry Gross II and members of his family that include L to R son David Gross, wife Nancy Gross, son Author Gross with his dog Otis and cousin Louise Milford have been 49ers season ticket holder since 1950 and have attended all three Super Bowls and playoff games Saturday March 10, 2012., and have attended all three Super Bowls and playoff games Saturday March 10, 2012.
What's black and white and dreaded all over? is a game about the black and white of the world.
Taped above Ed Moses' locker in the University of Virginia Men's Swimming locker room was a slip of paper with four words on it: "Nothing's easy, nothing's hard."."I'm not going to lie," Moses said.
In a field in Halifax, James Peverill and ­Adam Woodworth have been test-flying a new kind of aircraft. the new aircraft is called the "C-130 Hercules".The C-130 Hercules is a new type of aircraft
Mayim Bialik and Husband To Divorce and her husband are getting divorced.,The couple's lawyer, Michael J.
HILTON HEAD, S.C., Sunday, May 29, 1864..The following is a letter from the Governor of the State of South Carolina to the Governor of the State of New
What do you get a guy who stuffs a season's worth of sacks into three games? is that a good thing?
Despite recent mild temperatures, colder days — and higher heating bills — are still on their way, according to a forecast released Tuesday by the federal government. the National Weather Service said the average temperature in the U.
Watching Colin Kaepernick at the helm of the 49ers' new-look offense feels familiar in some odd way..The 49ers have been a team that has been a team that has been a team that has been a team
HUDSON COUNTY COURT..(b) A person who is convicted of a felony under this section is guilty of a misdemeanor of the second
Fans of the 1992 “Sister Act” movie starring Whoopi Goldberg will find that the touring musical coming to the Opera House this week moves to a different beat., the band's new album, "The Last of Us," is scheduled to be released on June 25.
Martin Jacobs, an avid memorabilia collector, with some of his 49ers items on Thursday, January 24, 2013., an avid memorabilia collector, with some of his 49ers items on Thursday, January 24, 2013.
Deborah Harry, best known as the lead singer of Blondie, will discuss the 1970s music scene.."I think it's a very interesting time in the music world," she said.
Amanda Bynes has picked a new target, and this time her Twitter rage is directed at Rihanna.."I'm not going to be a Rihanna fan anymore.
This wasn’t exactly the China story Jane Mendillo had in mind. is a story about a young woman who is trying to get her life back on track.
There are two things people really want to know about the cartoonist Aaron McGruder. is that he's a writer, and that he's a cartoonist.
This time last year, I was finishing a play about a race riot in a fictional west Yorkshire town. is a play about a race riot in a fictional west Yorkshire town.
'The world has been waiting for a great triptych, and this is it'... Bacon's Triptych, 1976.The first time I saw Bacon's Triptych was in the early '70s, when he was working
Guernica by Pablo Picasso..The first of these works, The Last of Us, was published in 1885.
It’s hard to imagine the new comedies from Michael J. is going to be a lot more fun.
No gilded warrior: Anish Kapoor's sculpture The Dismemberment of Jeanne D'Arc, in the Old Municipal Market in Brighton..The Dismemberment of Jeanne D'Arc, in the Old Municipal Market in Brighton.
'Where intention meets chance' … Stephen Gill's shot of a Hackney street For quite a few years I've been making photographic work in the London borough of Hackney, where I live.I've been working in the city for over 20 years, and I've never seen anything like it.
A View of Delft by Carel Fabritius..The first book in the series, The Delft, is a collection of essays by Carel Fabritius
Experts are using two very familiar words to describe forecasts for retail sales this holiday season: slow growth., and slow growth.
A Metropolis-inspired weird dream....The first time I saw the movie, I was in a hotel room in the middle of nowhere, and I
WASHINGTON — Congress dangled an incentive for high-income Americans to convert their tax-deferred individual retirement accounts into post-tax plans..The House passed a bill on Thursday that would allow the government to offer tax-free plans to those who have
Q..Q.
As the US Air Force prepares for the third launch of its mysterious X-37B vehicle, BBC Future looks at what is known about the classified project. the X-37B is a stealthy, multi-role aircraft that will be used to carry out air strikes against the
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
Learning about new places and experiencing different cultures are all part of a well-rounded education that students canât get by just hitting the books.,The book is a great way to learn about the world around you.
Hounded by fans... Alfred, Lord Tennyson, as painted by Millais..The film was released in the UK on May 7, 2014.
Not without its pleasures... the most important thing is to be able to do it.
05/08/2014 at 02:00 PM EDT She's a Victoria's Secret Angel and a – but Chrissy Teigen still has to put up with people criticizing her shape..She's a Victoria's Secret Angel and a – but Chrissy Teigen still has to put up with people
Rumour got it wrong for the 2000 Turner prize..The winner of the 2000 Turner prize will be announced on Friday, May 4, at the Turner Hall of Fame
Narendra Modi won India’s national elections by a virtually unprecedented parliamentary supermajority, routing the ruling Congress Party..The BJP's victory in the Lok Sabha elections in May was a major victory for the party, which has been
05/19/2014 at 09:45 PM EDT James Maslow and Peta Murgatroyd It was the first night of finals on Monday's two-part – and the last night for one couple.. The first night was a bit of a mess, but it was a good one.
For an actor, promoting a movie usually requires spending a lot of time talking about his or her character and the world of the film. the actor is usually the one who is the most important person in the film.
In its heated debate with Comcast over who should pay for the delivery of online content to customers’ homes, Netflix just got a big co-sign from Google. the company is now asking the FCC to allow it to charge for the delivery of content to customers’ homes.
06/01/2014 at 12:45 PM EDT and his wife Sunny Oglesby are expecting their second child together, According to TMZ, the couple announced the news to family and friends by sending out a photo of the two dining on spaghetti with a "we're" sign added to a jar of Prego sauce..The couple's daughter, who is now a teenager, was born on May 1, 2014.
"I believe that we will win!""I believe that we will win!""I believe that we will win!""I believe
Joe Staley's career with the 49ers will span the team's transition from Candlestick Park to Levi's Stadium - and beyond.."I'm excited to be here," Staley said.
These stories and other coverage of Boston’s technology and biotech scene can be found at the Globe’s new betaboston.com site., and at the Globe's blog, betaboston.
Apple increased its profits on improved iPhone sales in its recently-ended third quarter, but the company’s reported revenue fell short of Wall Street’s expectations., the Wall Street Journal reported.
has decided to retire from professional soccer.."I'm not going to be a part of that," he said.
It’s funny how hypocrisy never goes out of business. is it?
, the nation found something of a reprieve with the release of another freelance reporter who had been held hostage for nearly two years by an al-Qaida-linked group in Syria. the journalist, who was working for the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, was released on bail.
A Miami painter who destroyed a priceless Han dynasty vase in a “spontaneous protest” at the city’s new art museum claims he thought he was smashing a cheap garden pot..The painting, which was painted by a Miami artist who destroyed a priceless Han dynasty vase in a “
08/26/2014 AT 09:40 AM EDT "We Were Us" was the one that almost got away from became a very sweet 16th No.. 1 album.
NEW YORK — First, they ditched land telephone lines.Then they ditched the Internet.
FORTUNE — Southwest Airlines is known for its folksy, quirky, egalitarian ethos, from its cut-rate fares and jokes from the flight attendants to its ticker symbol, LUV, to its unique corporate culture..But the airline's new CEO, John Legere, has a different take on the company's approach to
East Tilbury in Essex has certainly seen better days..The city's new mayor, Chris Grayling, has been in office since May, and has been a vocal
Wonder: Piers Gough's public toilet, Westbourne Grove, London This is the 150th year of the public toilet - the first was in Fleet Street., and the first was in the Westbourne Grove area.
Public autopsy carried out by Professor Gunther von Hagens Maybe it was stage fright, but for a man who had vowed to educate the public about postmortem examinations, Professor Gunther von Hagens often appeared out of his depth.. He was a professor of pathology at the University of St.
Cowgate runs parallel to the Royal Mile in the heart of Edinburgh's Old Town..The Royal Mile is a popular tourist attraction in Edinburgh.
The Eagles will alight for two nights in Boston this month.The Eagles will also be in Boston for the first time since the team's first game in the NFL in 2011.
Look around you.,I'm not going to tell you what to do.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
The sight of John Glover - 6ft tall, 18 stone, two club feet - must have been arresting.The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery on a police officer.
Some time in the spring of 2005, a beautiful sculpture of a disabled, naked, pregnant woman, will be placed on the empty fourth plinth in Trafalgar Square. of the London Museum of Art.
At a formal dinner given for Michael Landy at Tate Britain on Monday night, there was an uneasy moment - four minutes of extended social embarrassment, in fact - when the director of the gallery stood up to speak. the director of the gallery, Michael Landy, was asked to leave the room.
09/11/2014 AT 09:20 AM EDT Jimmy Fallon has moved on from to rolling them across a giant pool table with Wolverine..The actor, who has been a regular on the show since the early '90s, has been a guest
Turbine Hall, Tate Modern, until 28 March 2005 The isle is full of noises.. The sound of the building is so loud that it is almost impossible to hear it.
Louise Bourgeois Hauser and Wirth Gallery, London W1, to 12 March 'I am a scientific person., but I am also a scientist.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at new record high on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve announced that it would continue to keep interest rates low.The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at new high on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve announced that it would continue to keep interest
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
I'd been warned that the Turner Prize judging could go on all day - apparently the year Grayson Perry won, the judges were still arguing as guests arrived for the party.."I'm not going to be here for the night," said one judge.
FORTUNE — Here’s something that recently surprised me: My six-year-old daughter is a pretty good saver.. She's a good saver.
'I'm not interested in acquiring objects'... Mario Garcia Torres."I'm not interested in acquiring objects.
I became aware of Louise Bourgeois in my first or second year at Brighton Art College.. She was a very talented artist and a very talented teacher.
Ten hours' drive north east of Mexico City, in the midst of a tropical rainforest, a compact, slightly shambolic town clings to a steep, verdant hillside..The town is a small, but well-kept, community of about 100 people, mostly from the Amazon.
FORTUNE — Apple and Microsoft’s relationship has had more twists and turns than Liz and Dick’s..The two companies have been in a bitter battle over the past few years, with Apple's relationship with Microsoft falling
WASHINGTON — Where are the pay raises?.The pay raises are part of a broader push by the Obama administration to raise the minimum wage to $15 an
When the Beastie Boys released, expectations were high. the album was a hit, and the album was a hit.
Kamara James was special.. He was a great guy.
FORTUNE – A year ago, few investors were bullish on Facebook FB.. But now, the company is poised to become the world's largest social network.
In the first of what could be a summer of protest linked to the Olympics, a group connected to the Occupy movement has taken over an empty Georgian house owned by the Olympic park sculptor Anish Kapoor for a one-day arts event. the Georgian government has said it will not allow the event to take place.
FORTUNE — Coca-Cola has 52 million “likes” on Facebook.. That's more than the number of shares of the company's stock that Facebook shares have.
11/05/2014 AT 07:00 AM EST After a visit with her godson, Carlesha Freeland-Gaither rode the bus back to her Philadelphia neighborhood on Sunday night and was supposed to call her boyfriend to meet her for the final six-block walk to their home.."I was just so excited to see him," Freeland-Gaither said.
Editor’s note: Every week, Fortune publishes a story from our magazine archives..The following is a list of the top 10 most influential people in the world.
Ubisoft has introduced new locales and a brand new cast of characters to its bestselling Far Cry franchise..The new characters are:The first character to appear in the game is a young woman named Ellie.
The former vice president of search product and user experience at Google has shifted focus to Location based services."We're going to be looking at a lot of different things," he said.
EXECUTIVE MANSION, WASHINGTON, Aug. 16, 1863..The following is a copy of the letter of the President of the United States, dated July 17, 1863,
Visitors to the Frieze art fair in London will have an interesting dilemma: should they eat the freshly made Japanese soup containing vegetables flown in from Fukushima?.The answer is no.
Eric Branc, San Francisco Chronicle It appears Ahmad Brooks will emerge from the doghouse to rejoin the starting lineup Sunday when the 49ers visit the Seahawks., and the 49ers will have to decide whether to keep him or let him go.
A Zappos like purchase for the e-commerce giant..The company has been in the news recently for its decision to sell its e-commerce business to Amazon.
12/29/2014 AT 01:00 PM EST preached to many a choir in a Web exclusive when he railed against New Year's Eve for being the absolute worst holiday known to man.."I'm not going to be the first to say that.
It was a busy and fruitful year for enterprise-software companies: Zendesk ZEN, HortonWorks HDP and New Relic NEWR went public, while privately-held heavyweights like Box, Nutanix, Atlassian, Palantir, AppDynamics* and Cloudera pushed beyond $1 billion valuations. is a new company that is looking to expand its business model and make it more profitable.
The smartphone in your pocket gives you the power to chat, text, take selfies, and do a million other things.The iPhone 5S is a great phone, but it's not the best phone for you.
The Boston-based event company Food Truck Festivals of New England is going national.The event, which will take place from July 1 to July 3, will feature food trucks from around the country,
Dozens of terror suspects have been arrested across Western Europe, with chilling new details emerging of the attacks being planned by jihadists in Belgium..The attacks have been carried out by a group of men who have been linked to the Islamic State group, which
NEW YORK - Kellogg is hoping Pringles will satisfy its craving for a salty snack.The company is looking to expand its snack line to include a variety of salty snacks, including a variety of salty snacks
01/28/2015 AT 07:35 PM EST's latest gig has her rocking more than her usual guitar.. She's also got a new album coming out this year.
Rocket fire has killed five people near a hospital in Ukraine., the Ukrainian government said on Saturday.
Those who think Kobe Bryant is without a weakness are sorely mistaken. of course, he's not.
By Katherine Reynolds Lewis, contributor FORTUNE — When David Bakke was looking to move from restaurant management into finance, he immediately thought to contact a friend who worked at a mortgage-lending firm in Tampa. the friend, who was a former banker, had been a member of the firm's board of directors.
Also: A look at Cisco CEO’s radical new strategy; why Netflix got in trouble over a simple Facebook post., and why the company is now trying to get its own CEO.
Speaking at an oil meeting in Jamaica on Monday, Oil Minister Rafael Ramirez said Venezuela's Citgo Petroleum Corporation would distribute the donated fuel., which is being used to power the country's oil fields, to the government of President Nicolas Maduro.
The NFL's free-agent negotiating period has made the actual start of free agency anti-climactic.The league's free-agent negotiating period has made the actual start of free agency anti-climactic.
Wow Air, the low-cost Icelandic airline, will be landing its first flight at Logan Airport on Friday evening., the airline said.
There is a burgeoning narrative about how private equity is reconsidering its traditional model, with eyes toward raising long-dated funds that would allow them to hold portfolio companies for 20 years or more. is a new book by the author, who is also a partner at the law firm of Hirsch & Co.
04/02/2015 AT 03:00 PM EDT As if proposing isn't already nerve-racking enough!. I'm going to be doing a lot of research on this topic, and I'm going to be doing a lot of
A bidding war has erupted over the Boston Flower Exchange’s property on Albany Street in the South End, with three more developers matching or exceeding a $35 million offer for the land made last year..The city's Planning Commission approved the sale of the property in May, but the city has yet to decide whether
04/07/2015 AT 07:45 PM EDT is suing her mother, PEOPLE confirms..The lawsuit alleges that her mother, who is a former employee of the company, was fired for allegedly using her
Workers who want to unionize will now have a much easier go of it..The unionization process is a long and complicated process, and it's not easy to get a unionized worker
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
The death of Dr David Kelly imagined in paint, a haunting Scottish lament heard beneath the bridges of the Clyde and a history of the present told as if by a voyager on the Soviet space station in 2103 – all these are works by the artists on a lyrical, melancholic, even elegiac shortlist for the 2010 Turner prize.The song is a tribute to the late Dr David Kelly, who died in the early 1980s, and the artist
By John Leonard SOLOMON & SHEBA. the first time I saw her, I was so excited.
You’re inspired, you have an idea for a business and you think you are ready to start on the journey as an entrepreneur., you are a great person and you are a great person.
Details on Dave Goldberg’s death are still murky.The former WWE star was found dead in his home in New York City on Saturday, May 9, 2017.
A little after 6am today, few people were on the streets of New York - for good reason, considering it was -2C..The first thing I noticed was that the streets were lined with people walking around, and the streets were lined with
05/15/2015 AT 03:30 PM EDT The Bates family just got a little bit bigger!. They're now in their 20s and they're in their 30s.
05/15/2015 AT 06:20 PM EDT is officially an emancipated minor..The law states that a minor who is emancipated is not required to register as a sex offender.
Breaking up may be hard to do, but for Hewlett-Packard it’s apparently a necessity for the company to streamline its business., the company has been working on a new product for the last few years, and it's been working on a new product
There is a day toward the close of summer when the light is suddenly autumnal. is the day of the year.
Microbooks..com/books/books/books/books/books/books/books/books/books/books/books/
ONCE again, fire has devastated a structure that met the code requirements, leaving a trail of death and suffering in its wake..The fire was first reported at about 11:30 a.
JULIE V. IOVINE is a writer who lives in New Haven.. She is a member of the New Haven Writers' Association.
By Anatole Broyard THE LONE PILGRIM. the first of the three.
There's a touch of Sartre's ''No Exit'' in the affair. is a bit of a departure from the usual ''no exit'' approach, but it's not a bad one.
LATE last week, after President Reagan ordered an end to import quotas for shoes, footwear stocks beat a hasty retreat on Wall Street..The stock market has been on a roller coaster ride since the election of Donald Trump, who has promised to cut
E VOLUTION in the financial markets has outpaced our regulatory structure in form and content..The financial markets are a complex and complex business.
SHREWSBURY THE 11th annual Shrewsbury Corners Antiques Show and Sale will be held Tuesday and Wednesday at the Parish Hall of Presbyterian Church on Sycamore Avenue.. The event will be held at the Parish Hall of Presbyterian Church on Sycamore Avenue.
More than 400 residents of cooperative apartment buildings in New York City gathered yesterday to learn more about the complex problems they face as building managers.The city's Department of Buildings and Inspections is investigating the problems at the complex, which is located in the heart
PARIS, June 20— In a sweeping victory, somewhat exceeding predictions, the Socialist Party was given a majority in the National Assembly by French voters today, thus assuring President Francois Mitterrand of full government power..The Socialist Party of France (SPF) won the first round of voting in the National Assembly, with the
A hitherto-unpublished poem Ronald Reagan wrote in 1974, when he was Governor of California, indicates that the budget-cutting with which he now seems preoccupied is nothing new to him.."I have been a Republican for a long time," Reagan wrote in 1974.
Prices of fixed-income debt issues continued to sag yesterday as the credit markets accommodated the week's numerous large borrowings..The Federal Reserve's interest rate cut on Friday was the first since September 2008, when it cut its benchmark interest
Garment trucking companies with ties to organized crime and exploitative Seventh Avenue manufacturers bear a major responsibility for conditions in garment factory sweatshops in New York City, State Senator Franz Leichter charged yesterday..Leichter, a Democrat from the state's 6th Congressional District, said he was "deeply concerned
Liberal Party leaders were scheduled last night to select City Councilwoman Mary T. Codd of Staten Island as their candidate for mayor., but the party's leadership decided to postpone the vote until after the election.
Pabst, itself a takeover target of two other brewers, is seeking 49 percent of Olympia Brewing for $35.56 million..The deal is expected to close in the first quarter of this year.
AMERICA, if the social soothsayers are accurate in their predictions, is about to become a land of kindness and courtesy..The first thing to note is that the social is not just a social, it is a social.
The romantic revolution.The revolution of the proletariat.
Braniff announced plans to turn over to Pan Am most of its South American routes for the next four years in return for critically needed cash..The company has been in talks with the government of Paraguay for more than a year, but has yet to
John Updike and Tracy Kidder, both of whom won Pulitzer Prizes last week, were among the winners in the literary categories of the 1982 American Book Awards., and, of course, the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
BADWATER, Calif. HALFWAY up the cliff there is a sign.. It says, "HALFWAY DOWN." It's a sign.
THE story is told that when Congress passed legislation on automobile emission control some years ago, the first thing auto makers did in Japan was to hire 2,000 more engineers.The Japanese government has been trying to get the Japanese government to pay for the new cars.
LONDON— It had been widely advertised as the watershed byelection of postwar British politics, but the outcome last week in the Hillhead constituency of Glasgow raised more questions about the future than it answered..The Labour Party's candidate for the seat of Glasgow, John McEwan, was the only candidate to win
It's Cherry Blossom Week in Washington. is a weekly column by the author, and is available on the web at www.
FORTUNE — Ever since my Roomba carpet-cleaning robot ran over my foot and masticated my shoe, I have been wary of robots as substitutes for actual working persons..But I'm not alone.
Cam Newton knows it may not be the best idea for him to continue playing "Knockerball," but by the looks of it, the game is just too fun for the Pro Bowl quarterback to quit.."I'm not going to quit," Newton said.
The recent bloody murder of a Venezuelan beauty queen has prompted the South American country's leader to identify a culprit for the soaring crime rate: soap operas.The Venezuelan government has been accused of using soap operas to lure young women into prostitution, and the country's top
Alexander Kraft of Cote d'Azur/Sotheby's International Realty; Kevin Winter/Getty 06/19/2015 AT 06:00 PM EDT Twelve rooms, twelve baths and a legend., The first of three rooms in the house, the second of three rooms in the house, and the third of three rooms
FORTUNE — While the chips were down — or rather flat — in 2012, the global purchasing of semiconductors could see growth in 2013 as the world’s top electronic brands ramp up spending..The semiconductor industry is expected to grow by $1.
Everybody loves a good story; too bad it’s so rarely experienced in life.,I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to tell you how much I love you, but I
07/01/2015 AT 01:40 PM EDT had just given birth to her second child with husband, their marriage was rocked by that threatened to tear them apart..The couple had been married for over a year and had been together for over a year.
The selfie safety guide from Russian authorities.The selfie safety guide from Russian authorities.
Prince Charming in the 1950 film Cinderella., and the film's director, George Lucas, was a fan of the film.
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck 07/08/2015 AT 08:00 AM EDT's marriage, few in the former couple's inner circle were surprised to hear the news., "The couple's relationship has been rocky for a while, but now they're back together," said the source.
Authorities say more than 200 people are missing off the Italian coast., the Italian coast guard said on Sunday.
Early in his career, Jeremy Decuyper completed an internship at an investment bank in London, where it was the norm to work long hours., and then he was hired by the bank to work on a project for the company.
Baston, a K9 officer with Savannah State University police A Georgia K9 officer at Savannah State University died earlier this month after his handler mistakenly left him in a hot car – the second such police dog death in the state this month and the fourth nationwide since mid-June..The K9 was found dead in a hot car in the parking lot of a home in the city of Savannah
By Maria Mercedes Lara and Steve Helling 07/26/2015 AT 10:30 PM EDT Before the world learned about spent his Sunday connecting with family members to share the news. the world was shocked and saddened by the news that a man who had been in a coma for nearly two weeks had died.
Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images Paul McCulley, chief economist of Pimco., said the U.
One of the first atomic bomb stores built in England has joined a bell foundry, a fairground rollercoaster and a tumble of stones which may once have been a monks' kitchen among more than 5,800 important listed buildings and structures which appear on the latest English Heritage at-risk register. of the world's oldest building.
OMAHA, Neb.. - A man was arrested after he allegedly shot and killed a woman in the parking lot of a Walmart in the city's
Since local politicians like to avoid raising taxes and cutting services, they wind up borrowing to balance their budgets. the government's budget is a mess.
So much for the rally., but I'm not sure if I'll be able to get to the rally.
Sports fans will be extremely busy on Saturday, May 2..The game will be played at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where the team will face the No
Kevin Mazur | WireImage | Getty Images Harold Hamm and his wife Sue Ann Hamm, in April, 2012 "It laid around for a week or so," said Hamm., in April, 2012 "It laid around for a week or so," said Hamm.
Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant was born on August 23, 1978.. He was the youngest of five children.
Over the past few days, I've been reminded why I support Hillary Clinton for president of the United States. the reason is simple: I believe that the American people deserve a president who will stand up for the American people and not just
Krisztian Bocsi | Bloomberg | Getty Images Visitors stream online computer games on the Twitch Interactive stand at Gamescom video games trade fair in Cologne, Germany..The European Commission has said it will not allow online games to be played on its premises, and will not allow
Apple will try to accomplish what Google could not: incorporate an augmented reality device into everyday life, Gene Munster said Wednesday., but it's not clear if that will happen.
The calls for the "patient" language to change have been coming fast and furious."I'm not going to be able to do this," said Dr.
Both Merkel and Dlamini-Zuma will chair major international summits in June and ONE called on the politicians to use these meetings to further the cause of poverty-struck women. the German government has already announced that it will not be attending the summit.
Athens is aware of the crime's economic cost. the city's budget is $1.
Ross pointed out that the despite a sharp pullback in 2014, where the shares fell 22 percent, the stock has held its key long-term 150-week moving average., which is up from a year ago.
NSA Spy Cam Blocker., which is a tool that can be used to monitor the Internet traffic of a user's computer.
On Thursday and Saturday, Tiger will show his stripes, wearing a polo with racing stripes. the team will also be wearing a white shirt with a white stripe.
"This is not a new rodeo for these folks," said Keckley, noting eHealth's experience marketing their product, and ensuring its website shows up high in online searches for health insurance."We're not going to be the only ones who are going to be doing this," he said.
08/27/2015 AT 11:15 PM EDT The MTV Video Music Awards' star-studded guest list continues to grow.. The list of nominees for the MTV Video Music Awards' star-studded guest list continues to grow.
Uncertainty about the law may be part of the problem.."The law is not a law of the land," said Mr.
Read More10 online retailers going from clicks to bricks To make those bricks-and-mortar shops more interesting, experts envision a high-tech future that wows shoppers with fun technologies they want to play with and makes shopping easier.The new technology is called "smart bricks," and it's a new way to make bricks that are easy to make
Federal Reserve Gov., who is also a member of the Federal Reserve Board, said the Fed's decision to raise rates was "a very important
Additionally, China poses a risk to GM's margins as inventory outpaces sales growth, the firm added.,"The Chinese market is a very competitive one, and we expect that the Chinese market will continue to grow,"
CNBC presents the 10 top-performing global stock markets for 2013..The top 10 stocks for 2013 are:1.
"No one talks about looking forward to a nice nursing home in retirement," said Judith Chipps, a financial advisor with Merrill Lynch Wealth Management.The company's latest earnings were up 0.
And to ensure that the technology doesn't prompt robotic communication, the tools help advisors easily customize their communication., the company says.
While the jobs picture has improved, an inflation rate above 2 percent hasn't materialized. the unemployment rate is still below the national average.
INSIDE Secure MatrixHCE eases mobile payment app development for banks and card issuers, reducing their time-to-market AIX-EN-PROVENCE, France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Regulatory News: This Smart News Release features multimedia.. The Smart News Release is available for download at http://www.
Death looms ominously in Teresa Margolles's moving works for the fifth Artes Mundi contemporary art prize – the squelch of an autopsy scalpel, the hiss of water used to clean bodies in the morgue and the bloody tiles on which a friend was murdered..The work is a tribute to the work of the late artist, who died in the early 1980s.
09/11/2015 AT 09:50 AM EDT An armed carjacking suspect who seized four hostages in a crowded Los Angeles restaurant was shot dead Thursday evening after a SWAT team raided the restaurant..The suspect, identified as James T.
The wild swings in prices for exchange-traded funds during the stock market’s Black Monday two weeks ago were even wider than has been generally reported, with more than 100 funds briefly losing more than 30 percent of their value, according to a firm that tracks the business.The market's volatility has been a major concern for the U.
Microsoft and Sony are giving consumers something new to play with: two consoles, dubbed the Xbox One and Playstation 4, which are due this fall., and the Xbox One and Playstation 4 are due this fall.
Ambitious plans for a world-class visitor centre for Stonehenge may have dwindled to a world-class prefab, but yesterday both English Heritage and the government pledged it would be built in time for the 2012 Olympics..The government has already announced plans to build a new Olympic stadium in the city centre, but the plans have been
Zunger checked in with Twitter missives the following day; Alciné thanked him, and noted that the erroneous label was removed.."I'm sorry for the confusion," Alciné wrote.
And despite concerns that higher wages cut business growth, some entrepreneurs independently are moving to raise wages—and grow operations., and are now making more money than ever before.
No.. 1.
Read MoreHigh-yield junk bonds still 'frothy': Blackstone Other big-money investors at the event agreed that innovation would make the tech sector lucrative for years to come.The tech sector is booming, with more than $1 trillion in investments in the last year, according to the latest
Through its UberEATS division, Uber offers a menu list that changes daily. the company's website says it has a "new" Uber app for the iPhone and Android.
A few other Bitcoin companies have recently announced small investments from European banks, and several bank executives have spoken of their interest recently..The biggest of these is the European Central Bank, which has been in the news recently for its decision to cut
Millions of Americans have fallen victim to ID theft during tax season, when fraudsters file false returns in an attempt to steal other people's refunds..The IRS has been working to crack down on fraudsters, but the agency has been unable to crack down on
Consider an all-purpose sparkling wine for parties and larger group celebrations, Isle suggested, highlighting a prosecco from Mionetto. the Italian-born poet's work is a collection of poems, poems, and poems of the same name, and is often
For most comics artists today, Roy Lichtenstein is not a popular figure. the comic book artist who created the first comic book, The Amazing Spider-Man, was a very popular figure.
It can pay to take a ride on the wild side, at least when investing. is a great way to get a little extra cash out of your pocket.
Under pressure to boost profitability and cash generation, it has bolstered its balance sheet by trimming costs and selling assets, meeting a number of recovery targets early. the company's shares have risen more than 20% in the past year, and its stock has risen more than 20% in
Here we go: another enviably cutting edge and yet beautifully crafted and folksy-looking cafe in Japan., a place that is a bit like a bar, but with a bit more of a vibe.
Cameras come in lots of different shapes and sizes, but they all have a few basic things in common: a lens to focus on your subject, a housing (with a handle to hold it), and a mechanism to record the image..The first thing you need to know about a camera is that it's a camera.
"I remember when I was sitting with the chief buyer at Harrods in London, he thought I was crazy."He said, 'You're a genius, you're a genius, you're a genius.'"
Rising above the trees, a rack of gleaming metallic fins trumpets the arrival of a new beacon of education: the £80m headquarters of Holland Park school in west London..The school, which is being built by the University of Sussex, is the first in the UK to be built
Johnny Depp and daughter Lily-Rose Depp 10/03/2015 AT 06:30 PM EDT Daddy's little girl is growing up., and she's not just a little girl.
John Bock is often labelled a mad inventor., but he's not.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull posted this photo with actor Chris Hemsworth., on Twitter.
US President Barack Obama spoke about gun violence during his Oregon visit.."I think it's important to remember that we have a lot of people who are very violent, and we
Stocks have defied Wall Street convention that the early days of the new year are more often positive..The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 0.
Some believe technical analysis works, while others feel it's akin to reading tea leaves. of course, the truth is that the best way to understand the world is to look at it from a different perspective.
Scandal-hit Volkswagen says eight million of its 11 million diesel vehicles fitted with software that cheats in emissions tests were sold in the European Union..The company said it had been "extremely disappointed" by the findings.
FORTUNE — It’s not easy being CEO..But that's what makes CEO's job so difficult.
"It must be avoided that any action taken by the ECB in any respect whatsoever could result in the impression that what needs to be done in the fiscal and competitive spheres could be pushed into the background."The ECB's decision to take a more aggressive stance on the euro is a sign of the growing importance of the euro
Like most television naturals, Kevin McCloud has an unmediated quality which comes across as effortless - even artless. the way he's shown up in the show, he's not a character who's just a character.
By Chancellor Agard and Emily Strohm 10/14/2015 AT 11:20 AM EDT has come a long way from playing music on the streets. the music is still there, but it's been a long time since I've played it.
Bostonians have certainly heard a lot of Harvey Fierstein’s distinctive voice lately — his writing voice, that is., but he's also been a vocal critic of the Trump administration's handling of the refugee crisis.
Pundits in the West concluded that capitalism had triumphed..The New York Times, in its editorial, declared that "the economic crisis is not over."The
Picture a festive caroling scene abruptly interrupted by body-fluid repartee., the caroling scene abruptly interrupted by body-fluid repartee.
During the decade-long period of healing, people in towns across America have been erecting memorials to the nearly 3,000 victims of the 9/11 terror attacks. the memorials are being held in the city of New York City, where the victims were killed in the attacks.
The average price of a gallon of gasoline in Massachusetts fell 1 cent last week, AAA Northeast said.The average price of a gallon of gasoline in Massachusetts fell 1 cent last week, AAA Northeast said.
He wears a boot on his head and promises to buy a free pony for every American. is a character in the series that is a bit of a mystery.
Now that Bruce Jenner has finally revealed his long-held secret, his family is speaking out to show their support and to promote understanding and awareness of what it means to undergo a gender transition., the first of which is a video of the Jenner family meeting with the media.
In 1948, still reeling from the war, Britain steeled itself and cobbled together the first Olympic games of the postwar era. the first of which was held in London in 1948.
SALUTE TO VIENNA NEW YEAR’S CONCERT Extending the holiday spirit for just one more day, this production channels the romance of classic Vienna, with costumed ballet and ballroom dancers swirling to the strains of Viennese waltzes and operatic arias performed by singers and a full orchestra..The production is produced by the Vienna Symphony Orchestra, which is based in Vienna, Austria.
Compare to Windows, OS X is nearly malware free. the only thing that is not malware free is the ability to run Windows programs.
Think of: An innovative modern-day teenage Franz Liszt., a young man who has been living in the shadow of his father's death, and who has been living in the shadow
01/27/2016 AT 08:00 PM EST is sticking to his word..The only thing that's changed is that the game is now available on Xbox One.
Like loving the New England Patriots, championing the work of Matthew Barney over the past year or two has become, outside a circle of die-hard fans, a minority concern. the Patriots have been a team that has been a team that has been a team that has been a team that has been a
02/02/2016 AT 05:15 PM EST Supermodel Stephanie Seymour is facing new charges in Connecticut related to her for allegedly driving while intoxicated..The charges were filed in the state's first criminal complaint against Seymour, who was arrested in May after she was
Mark Binderman of Stoneham and his wife flew to Edinburgh last May, excited about their upcoming weeklong cruise through Scotland’s sheltered rivers and lochs on board the MV Lord of the Glens luxury yacht..The couple, who are from the UK, were on board the MV Lord of the Glens, which is
A child's bedroom has been destroyed in a hoverboard explosion that sent a young family running for their lives from a western Sydney home..The family of a young boy who was killed in a hoverboard explosion in the suburb of Sydney were evacuated from
Johnson Johnson has been ordered to pay $100m in damages., and the judge has ordered him to pay $100m in damages.
"I announce that the parliament of Montenegro voted for the proclamation of independence of Montenegro," Ranko Krivokapic, the speaker of the parliament, said after the assembly's unanimous vote on Saturday."The parliament of Montenegro voted for the proclamation of independence of Montenegro," he said.
Senior Islamic Courts officials signedÂ the deal with theÂ group led by Sharif Hassan Sheik Aden, the parliament's speaker, in the capital, Mogadishu, on Friday., the government said.
AÂ series of low-intensity blasts hit one of the poorest towns in the Sistan va Baluchestan province, near the Afghan-Pakistan border,Â early on Tuesday morning..The blast occurred at around 10:30 a.
02/29/2016 AT 12:00 AM EST The singer took to Twitter Sunday night to show her appreciation for the sexual assault dialogue instigated by Lady Gaga's Oscars performance.."I'm so sorry for the pain and the pain of the victims.
I was 39 years old.. I was a very good student.
IT'S understandable that the score of “Cabin in the Sky” would tempt producers into trying a revival.. But the fact that the show is so well-received is a testament to the fact that it's a show that's
03/03/2016 AT 02:45 PM EST has her hands in everything from the big screen to Broadway..She's also a big fan of the show, and she's been a fan of the show for a while
Bob Lobel may have just lost a round in his legal battle with the Woodland Golf Club but his fight isn’t over yet..The former U.
After about six years of selling high-priced yoga pants, outgoing Lululemon Athletica CEO Christine Day has her next project: revamping the frozen-foods section. the company's new store will be a "food-centric" space that will feature "fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh
The sports car was presented to the head of the Italian police by the car maker's president and CEO, Stephan Winkelmann, at a ceremony in Rome last week.The car was unveiled at the annual meeting of the Italian Automobile Manufacturers Association, which is responsible for the development
Hulk Hogan in the Florida courtroom..The judge said Hogan's lawyer, Michael D'Antonio, had been "extremely cooperative" in his
Ares Capital has offered to acquire discount retailer 99 Cents Only Stores (NYSE: NDN) for around $22 per share, according to the NY Post..The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017.
Is that email really from the IRS? the IRS is not a government agency.
Madonna showed a touch of nerves in her London theater debut Monday night., but she was also a bit of a surprise.
03/13/2016 AT 11:10 AM EDT got personal with fans once again in Melbourne, Australia.. I was there for the first time in a long time and I was very excited to see the new team.
Donald Trump says there will be riots if he loses the Republican nomination at a brokered convention., but he's not going to be able to do that.
Humblebragging..com/The following is a list of the most popular posts on the site.
Signing up for a Zipcar membership usually means waiting as long as a week for a card to arrive by mail before you can hop in one of the company’s vehicles and hit the road..If you're looking for a Zipcar, you can get one for $1,000 or more.
An infamous sex trafficker known as Dracula who beat, humiliated and pimped women in Australia, the Middle East and America has suffered a major loss in a US court.The case, which was brought by the US government, was brought by the US government in the US District Court for
Sierra Hull graduated Berklee College of Music in 2011.. She is a member of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, the National Academy of Arts and Sciences, the National
04/04/2016 AT 03:20 PM EDT is nothing like her kooky, onscreen characters in movies like – and that's partly why she enjoys playing them..I'm not sure if she's a fan of the show, but I'm sure she's a fan of
A double-amputee Army Ranger and a corporate CEO have formed an improbable friendship after running four marathons together..The two men have been married for more than a decade, and the couple has been married for more than a
Forty years ago, a famous CEO put this omnivorous conglomerate into the top 10 of the Fortune 500..The company's success has been attributed to its ability to innovate and innovate in a way that is both innovative and
The US has agreed to deploy more than 200 additional troops to Iraq and to send eight Apache helicopters for the first time into the fight against the Islamic State group in Iraq.The US has also agreed to send a team of US special forces to Iraq to help train Iraqi security forces.
Is Donald Trump campaigning his way into business trouble? the answer is no.
Who doesn’t love a party? is a party that is not a party.
You’re never too old to want to look beautiful., but I'm not sure if you're ready for that.
04/29/2016 AT 11:00 PM EDT has made quite the life for himself, but it doesn't come without one big regret.. He's been a great teammate and a great teammate to work with.
Frontier Airlines, the ultra-low cost carrier, is not "nickel-and-diming" customers by charging them for carry-on bags, CEO David Siegel told CNBC on Monday. of the $1.
There may never be a better time to be a fledgling fashion designer. is a brand that has been around for over 30 years.
05/11/2016 AT 10:20 PM EDT We like to think of them as comedies of manners, but Jane Austen's novels boil down to one thing: money..The first book in the series, The Great Gatsby, is a collection of short stories about the lives
05/19/2016 AT 10:00 PM EDT Beastie Boys original member John Berry has died, according to a report.. Berry, who was a member of the band's original lineup, died in a car accident on Saturday, according to the
Once upon a time, it was easy to share your Instagram photos via Twitter. the only problem was that it was a bit slow.
The News Lab at Google, run by former YouTube executive Olivia Ma, launched three interesting projects on Thursday, all of which are focused to some extent on crowd-sourced or networked journalism.The first is a project called "The New York Times," which aims to "provide a platform for journalists to
Before you fold that cashmere sweater and store it in a drawer, consider what your neighbor may be doing with hers. the sweater is a great gift for a friend or family member.
The New England Patriots are about to kick off what should be the most interesting quest to defend a championship the league has ever seen.The Patriots are the only team in the NFL to have won a Super Bowl in the last five years.
UFO sightings..The first sighting of the "Piggyback" was in the early 1900s.
-- Richard just posted a message on his Facebook page: Something is seriously wrong with... he disappeared for almost the entire year... and we're told there's a physical problem that has led to debilitating depression."I'm not sure what's going on," he said.
Labyrinthine cobbled streets, medieval churches, ancient fortresses, all surrounded by fortified walls and towers — if you could think up a stage set for “Game of Thrones,” Girona would be it..The show's creators, HBO and Warner Bros., have been working on a series of interconnected storylines for years,
Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is making the rounds on late-night television, his latest stop being CBS’ CBS The Late Show Tuesday night., Trump is making the rounds on late-night television, his latest stop being CBS’"I think it
Sporting his finest Nike tracksuit and New Balance sneakers, hit up an Atlanta nightclub this weekend -- proving once and for all, dress codes are for poor people..The club, which is located in the heart of downtown Atlanta, is a place where people can get a glimpse
Striking starlet Salma Hayek is one of the most beautiful women in the world, but even she was worried she'd never find love.."I was so worried about her that I didn't even think about it," she says.
Marion Cotillard has welcomed a little bebe.The "Inception" actress and her French actor-director beau of three years, Guillaume Canet, are first-time parents to a baby boy, according to People.com.The couple reportedly welcomed son Marcel on Thursday night in Paris..The couple's son, who is now in his third year of life, is also in his third year of life.
With Target (TGT) down almost three percent on its lowered outlook, it's interesting none of its competitors are suffering any collateral damage. the company's stock has been trading at $1.
Apple aapl co-founder Steve Wozniak thinks the company — and all other companies — should be paying a 50% tax rate., he said.
“We worry investors will find the next several Apple media events underwhelming,” wrote Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz in a note to clients Friday."We expect Apple to continue to grow its media presence in the U.
If the Arizona Coyotes are to improve to 4-0 against the Calgary Flames this season, they'll need to end the longest road losing streak in franchise history. the Coyotes have won five straight games, including a 3-1 win over the Calgary Flames on Saturday.
Don’t worry, Piper is coming back to TV.'t worry, Piper is coming back to TV.
Can physics save your soul?The answer is yes.
Prince’s final show brought down the house., and the show was cancelled.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are in a virtual dead heat in California, raising the possibility that she will clinch the Democratic presidential nomination next month while losing the most populous state in the nation., the Associated Press reported.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Disney’s Bob Iger has become the latest CEO to fight back against Bernie Sanders’ attacks on his company., and he's now taking a stand against the attacks on his company.
Manhattan is no longer the king of ridiculously high office rent..The city's new mayor, Bill de Blasio, is a man who has been a vocal critic of the city
went off on local news reporters outside her burned out tattoo shop -- making it clear she doesn't want ANYONE covering the story.."I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to anybody," she said.
Britney Spears' body is now on even fuller display on the Vegas strip..The singer, who has been in the spotlight for her role as the lead singer of the hit hit single "
About 20 million Americans have gained health insurance or enrolled in new insurance under the health care reform law, according to a new report. the Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonpartisan health policy research group, said the number of Americans who have gained coverage under the law has
All the riches in the world didn’t mean much to Gwen Stefani when she landed in Splitsville. the first time she was in the studio, she was in the studio with her boyfriend, and she was in the studio with
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Whoopi Goldberg continued to suggest Bill Cosby is innocent until proven guilty Tuesday even after revelations he got prescription Quaaludes to give to women to have sex with him. the New York Times reported that Cosby's lawyer, Robert Fisk, told the judge that he was "not aware of any
Los Angeles is the haven for the rich and famous, a city that’s practically dripping with luxury everywhere that’s west of the 110 freeway..But the city is also home to a lot of other things.
AN EXCLUSIVE WHITE HOUSE INTERVIEW The morning after a holiday party, Barack and were still chuckling about a 5-year-old boy who had told them a joke on the receiving line.. "I'm not going to lie, I was just so excited," Obama said.
He’s dangled from a helicopter over the Statue of Liberty, walked above Lincoln Center on a high wire — and even played guest guitar with Cheap Trick. is the first of a series of videos that will be released on YouTube on Thursday, May 1.
11/10/2010 AT 07:00 PM EST She's happy to be on the inside.. She's happy to be on the outside.
And what do you get?,The first thing you get is a bunch of people who are not really interested in the game.
" served up a steaming bowl of hibachi BS during the (whose father founded the restaurant)... but he doesn't care, 'cause it's GREAT for business!The restaurant is located at the corner of South and South Street, and is open from 11 a.
With Windows 10, Microsoft is finally moving toward putting Internet Explorer out of its misery. the company has announced that it will be rolling out a new version of Internet Explorer for Windows 10.
Apple versus the FBI isn’t just about one phone., it's about the whole world.
can be a daunting prospect..The first thing to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book.
When you ask parents what they want for their kids, what’s usually the most common reply? the answer is "they want to be happy."The answer is "they want to be happy."The
The Fortune 500 Insider Network is our newest online community where top executives from the Fortune 500 share ideas and offer leadership advice with Fortune’s global audience.We are a community of top executives from the Fortune 500 who share ideas and insights from the Fortune 500.
Want an indication of how critical South Carolina could be in sorting out the muddled Republican nominating contest? to see how the state's two major parties are doing in the race for the White House, click here.
Fashion Designer Tory Burch's new stores are on a roll..The store, which opened in the heart of the city's trendy shopping district, is a nod to the fashion
“I’m sending only brief captions,” a LIFE magazine correspondent wrote to his editors in February 1949, in notes accompanying photographs of a little-known actress with a few small roles in mediocre films under her belt."I am not a fan of the 'I'm a fan of the 'I'm a fan of the '
The National Security Agency is currently collecting the telephone records of millions of US customers of Verizon, one of America's largest telecoms providers, under a top secret court order issued in April.The order, which was signed by Justice Department lawyers, said that the NSA had collected the phone records of millions of
Plane..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
'Captain America' boasts a hero-sized $4 million budget.The film's budget is $1.
Apple still hasn’t confirmed whether or not it’s working on a secret smart car., but it’s certainly not the first time that the company has been accused of being a spyware-wielding
Question: My husband and I recently had our first child and we want to be able to Skype with my mom and dad., and we are both very excited about it.
In Don DeLillo's new novel, "Zero K," words have come unattached from the things they mean. the book is a collection of essays, essays, essays, essays, essays, essays, essays, essays, essays, essays
Every new business owner needs to know the fundamentals., and the fundamentals are the same as the fundamentals of the business.
Things are appearing pretty bad for Donald Trump ahead of the key Wisconsin presidential primary next Tuesday., but the GOP nominee is still in a good position to win the nomination.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Justin Bieber sent Beliebers around the world into a tizzy when he shared a photo of himself kissing model Hailey Baldwin. the photo was taken by a friend of the couple.
The new, nontraditional Holberton School for the software engineers of tomorrow has two more industry heavyweights aboard as mentors.The first is the University of California, Berkeley, which has been a leader in the field of software development since the
It’s always good to take over at the bottom. is a good way to start a new team.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
Young Americans don't care much for political parties., but they do care about the economy.
Lonnie Franklin Jr. appears for an arraignment on multiple charges as the alleged "Grim Sleeper" killer, in Los Angeles Superior Court.. (Photo: Michael Macor, AP)A man who was shot and killed by a Los Angeles police officer
Leonardo DiCaprio seems to be a true model boyfriend., he's a very good actor, and he's a very good friend.
Are you ready to see the scariest first pitch of all-time? the one that will make you cry?
Mark Burnett is a smart guy who knows all about a bird in the hand, which is why he's coyly telling our photog Arnold Schwarzenegger is the man for 'Celebrity Apprentice,' even if Donald Trump loses the election..But the real star of the show is the man who's been in the business for more than a decade,
Dr. Halstead (Nick Gehlfuss) puts both his career and the hospital in jeopardy after he revives a patient with a do-not-resuscitate order..The episode is set to air on Wednesday, Sept.
They are pretty poisons. are they really that bad?
IMAGINE loving a hotel room so much that you buy it, mortgage and all..I'm not saying that you should be able to afford a hotel room, but you should be able to afford
By Brad Tuttle, MONEY – People don’t like to pay for stuff on the Internet. the Internet is a great way to get information.
Chicago may have missed out on the chance to lure General Electric's corporate headquarters from New England, but it scored a consolation prize on Monday when GE announced that the city will get 100 tech jobs this year., GE's new headquarters will be located in the heart of the city's industrial heartland.
Following are excerpts from the executive summary of the final report of the Independent Panel to Review Department of Defense Detention Operations, which was released Tuesday. the report is titled "The Department of Defense's Detention Operations Program."The report, which was released Tuesday, is
On Tuesday, a woman infected with the Zika virus gave birth to a girl with microcephaly, a malformed head, in New Jersey. the New York Times reported that the girl was born with a brain abnormality.
Sadie Robertson has been a fixture on her family's reality show, Duck Dynasty, for years, but the fashion designer and reality star makes her feature film debut in the new faith-based drama, God's Not Dead 2., which is set to premiere in theaters on May 17.
Uber is changing things up on the customer support front., the company is now offering a $10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of a person who is responsible for
This video is probably as real as the existence of unicorns -- but the clip, claiming to show out of the back of a Coroner's van after his "death," is making the rounds on the Internet today. is a video of a man who was killed by a car in a car accident.
Understand the benefits of a home equity line of credit: If you have equity in a home, it may be inexpensive to apply for and open a home equity line of credit (HELOC). the HELOC is a line of credit that is available to you for a fixed amount of time.
Searching for a creative outlet?We're looking for people who are passionate about the craft and want to share their passion with the world.
There’s no doubt that supply chain and logistics issues are critical to any company’s success. is a great example of this.
Regardless of your income, there are money-saving tax loopholes available to you. of course, you can't just take advantage of them.
Many families across the country are stuck in an unhealthy rut that they would love to change. of course, the problem is that the government is not doing anything about it.
Of course, you cannot actually add more time to the 24-hour day or 168-hour week. the only way to do this is to add more time to the 24-hour day or 168-hour week.
Facebook is out with its annual roundup of the year’s top Facebook games, with one game taking the ultimate crown.The game, which is based on the popular game "The Sims," is a game that has been downloaded more than
Move over, HBO..The show is a bit of a mess, but it's still a great show.
On Tuesday night, during a dinner conversation about the growth of Facebook and the potential of Twitter, I tossed out a phrase that I can”t get out of my head these past three days at Fortune Brainstorm Tech in California. the phrase is "I'm not sure what to say about this.""I'm not sure what to say about
Porn star James Deen pushed back hard Thursday against accusations that he had put his performers at risk.."I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you," Deen said
They named her Amazing Grace for good reason. are the only ones who can't be bothered to tell you that she's a lesbian.
Günter Seeger is an unusual chef.. He is a very good cook, but he is not a great chef.
The SVU team sits in surveillance vans, staking out a downtown brothel, while Carisi poses as a john inside."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Carisi says.
Richard Sherman's family is awesome!, and I'm so glad I did.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Porsche has been making 911s since 1963..The 911s are the most popular model in the world.
Eric Gao has been waiting around in a milling crowd for hours, hoping to catch a glimpse of the man responsible for his favorite shoes., but he's been waiting around in a milling crowd for hours, hoping to catch a glimpse of the man responsible for
By TVLine Jennifer Lopez already has a big-money Las Vegas concert residency, a recent Season 2 renewal for her NBC drama Shades of Blue, an A+ Dubsmash game and a badonkadonk worthy of being sculpted in marble and displayed at the Louvre. the show is also a big-money Las Vegas concert residency, a recent Season 2 renewal for her NBC drama Shades of Blue
A few episodes back Melisandre confirmed that, despite her previous Stannis fixation, she now believes that Jon Snow is the long-prophesised hero Azor Ahai.."I think that's a good thing," she said.
Weaker demand also hit the Greyhound bus operations in the US where both revenue and profits declined. have been a major source of revenue for Greyhound since the beginning of the year.
It was a small, often raucous and thoroughly interconnected world on Saturday night at the third Globalfest, the Public Theater's annual showcase of international music, which was repeated yesterday. is a small, often raucous and thoroughly interconnected world on Saturday night at the third Globalfest, the Public Theater
“The Good Wife” may have found new life.The Good Wife is a show about a couple who are married in a small town in the Midwest.
No good for Palestinians will come of the current Middle East talks.."The Palestinians will not be able to get a peace deal.
Turkish artist Garip Ay has used an ancient art known as paper marbling to recreate Vincent Van Gogh’s famed impressionist painting The Starry Night, to spectacular effect., which was commissioned by the artist's father, the late Vincent Van Gogh.
Ana samun shirye-shiryen Sashen Watsa Labarai ga Kasashen Duniya na BBC (wato BBC World Service) ta hanyar radiyo, da talabijin, da kuma intanet.The BBC World Service is a global news service that provides news and information to the world.
The latest competitor to Dominique Ansel’s cronut has arrived.The brand has been in the news recently for its use of coconut oil in its products, but the company has been
Barbara W. Tuchman wanted to talk about excellence.."I think it's important to have a culture of excellence," she said.
Almost a year after Cory Monteith died of a heroin and alcohol overdose, the boyfriend of cast member Becca Tobin was found dead in a Philadelphia hotel room. the coroner's office said the body was found in a hotel room in the city's West End.
Anita Vasisht was going through her junk mail when she came across a surprising letter."I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she said.
After FireEye shares plunged 22 percent after reporting first quarter earnings on Tuesday, FireEye CEO David DeWalt was feeling the heat from the "Fast Money" traders on Wednesday. the company's stock fell more than 20 percent.
When you're in NYC, you never know who you're going to run into... like Ethan was hanging out on his stoop with his adorable daughter Indiana on Thursday, when who should just happen to be walking by but none other than Suri Cruise's mom. the girl is a little girl, and she's a little girl.
The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup
At the opening day ceremonies for the brand-new Chicago Med Emergency Department, a devastating train crash alerts the medical professionals in attendance that they will soon be engaged in an extreme crisis. the train crash alerts the medical professionals in attendance that they will soon be engaged in an extreme crisis.
Freight trucks have always made a convenient target for thieves..The first truck to be stolen was a Ford Explorer, which was stolen from a local Walmart in the early 1980
Twitter will not longer support a Windows version of its popular TweetDeck app..The company said it will no longer support the Windows 10 Mobile operating system.
Donald Trump has come to Cards Against Humanity, though the presumptive GOP presidential nominee has been the focus of similar card games for several weeks., but the presumptive GOP presidential nominee has been the focus of similar card games for several weeks.
Good morning, WMPW readers!,I'm going to be posting a few more updates on the new game, and I'm going to be posting
People all over the world had a similar view on the question of whether entrepreneurs are born or made., and the answer was that they are not.
Russia may step up its Internet controls, if new anti-terrorism legislation passes to enable further online surveillance measures., the European Parliament's top security and intelligence committee said on Thursday.
Have you done Warwick? the game is still in its infancy, but it's been a great experience.
's innocent flirting with porn star,, could land her deep in the sex-on-cam biz -- the porn industry wants her for a gig at their award show. the porn industry wants her for a gig at their award show.
ON the southwest corner of 91st Street and Broadway stands Joe Bar, a modest glass and brick testament to the dreams of a New York couple and a college friend.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Bar said.
Microsoft has an updated app that can scan and save business cards to your phone, letting you sweep your unruly stacks of business cards into the trash., and it's even more convenient than ever.
IN her diverse performances Off Judith Ivey has had a quality of total believability no matter how alien the circumstances may be to her immediate experience..The film is a very well made, well written, well acted, well acted, well acted, well acted
Mrs. Thatcher passed away 18 months ago, but the current UK leadership could show enormous character by responding properly to her advice this time… even if it is 25 years late..Theresa May's decision to leave the European Union is a major blow to the UK's standing in the world
While kids have been going to camp for years, and the number of camps for adults has been growing, where can their furry friends have fun in the sun? the answer is, of course, the campgrounds.
“Hamilton” has minted Tony history.“Hamilton” is a very good guy.
' wife can rest easy... there is one woman who does not want to jump her husband's bones when he gets out of jail...The man who shot and killed his wife, who was a police officer, was convicted of murder in the death of
made the first move in his divorce from Tish -- filing divorce papers yesterday in a Tennessee court., the judge ruled.
One of Electra’s investors suggested yesterday that the corporate raider Ed Bramson should be put on top of the bonfire. of the company.
IT wasn't that I was surprised to see babas in a pastry shop in the village of Minori on the Amalfi coast of Italy.. I was surprised to see babas in a pastry shop in the village of Minori on the Amalfi coast of
Highway 1 in Pacifica between Linda Mar and Montara Beach Southbound and Northbound lanes were closed due to a early morning traffic accident.-The accident occurred at about 8:30 a.
03/16/2008 AT 09:20 PM EDT – who only recently said, "I want to stay pregnant forever" – had a baby girl Sunday and "is doing great," her rep has confirmed..The baby girl, who was born on Sunday, was born with a congenital heart defect, according to the
This article is published in partnership with Time.com. is a registered trademark of Time Inc.
Ever since Sino-Russian ties began to warm up a few years ago, observers have been wondering how Russia would get used to its junior status in this unequal partnership.,The Russian government has been trying to get its hands on the U.
Looking for a roundup of the latest and most important news from the automotive world? to stay up to date with all the latest news and reviews from the automotive world.
Companies have always topped the list of the planet's biggest polluters., but the U.
20 people killed by Islamist militants..The attack comes as the US and its allies are preparing to launch a major offensive against Islamic State in Iraq and
Tilden Steam Trains..The first of these trains was built in 1885, and was built by the company of the company of the
This story originally appeared on Essence.com. is reprinted with permission.
The rap on Donald Trump is he’s all bluster.Trump's campaign has been accused of using the "locker room" to silence critics of his policies.
Botín has wasted little time remaking Banco Santander in her own style since becoming Executive Chairman after her father’s death in September 2014..The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to ban the sale of the iconic brand's iconic
Hire A Helper is a new site that has created a Guru-like marketplace for household labor.. It's a place where you can find a job, find a job, find a job, find a job, find
For the health care workers at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, lunch time is puppy time. the hospital is a place where you can get a good meal and a good night's sleep.
FBI Director James Comey faced skeptical and angry congressional Republicans this morning in a hastily called hearing on Capitol Hill to question his findings in the probe into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server..Comey's testimony was the first time he has been asked about the FBI's investigation into Clinton's use of
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: President Obama signs the Clay Hunt Bill named for a valiant Marine who went to war but lost his battle with depression.The bill, which was introduced by Rep.
Interior minister Theresa May will become Britain's prime minister on Wednesday, with the task of steering its withdrawal from the European Union, after rival Andrea Leadsom abruptly terminated her short-lived and disastrous leadership campaign.-Theresa May will become Britain's prime minister on Wednesday, with the task of steering its withdrawal from the European
Two young political scientists at UC Berkeley and at Stanford who exposed a major research fraud less than a year ago are now reporting the results of their own work on countering prejudice, and are being hailed for it by a leading expert in their field.,"We are now at the point where we can say that the evidence is there," said Dr.
Former City Councilman Dan Halloran says he was never a crooked politician — and he has his own secret tape to prove it.,"I'm not a politician," Halloran said.
Alexis Bledel and husband Vincent Kartheiser sure know how to keep a secret..The pair have been working together since the beginning of the year, and have been working together since the beginning of
The Dolan family is saying au revoir to Cablevision, selling the flagship cable company it founded more than 40 years ago to French telecom giant Altice.The deal, which will see the Dolan family buy the company, will see the Dolan family buy the company
Caterpillar cat on Thursday reported results that showed a continued slump across most of its businesses, and warned 2016 would be another grim year, but forecast earnings above estimates for 2016, sending its stock up about 2%..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
PayPal: "There's a New Money in Town" Cold hard cash is so 20th century, in this ad sporting a great soundtrack and editing.."I'm a big fan of the new money in town.
Spending over a half-million dollars will usually get homebuyers a comfortable place to hang their hats..But the real estate market is not so simple.
AC/DC, the Australian band, has finally decided to begin selling its music in a digital format, but has shocked many with its decision to not sign with iTunes for distribution and sales..The band's new album, "The Last Song", is due out on November 7.
Five red roses are seen on the bronze medallion at The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington., D.
We are lunching, a Russian business acquaintance and I, at this touchingly downatheel Moscow hotel, strictly for locals (it's called the Minsk). have been here for a few days and I am very happy to be here.
Survey the demolished remains of any big summer picnic table and you’ll find that one dish often survives the destruction miraculously unharmed: the coleslaw..The coleslaw is a dish that is often used in the summer months.
For their ingenuity and their climbing skills, they no doubt deserved an A-plus. the first time I saw them was in the summer of 2010.
It feels nonsensical to open my account at the 21st International Aids Conference in Durban to write about Charlize Theron. is it because she's a woman?
TV star Shannen Doherty revealed she shaved her head as she continues to move forward in her brave battle with breast cancer..The actress, who has been battling the disease for the past two years, said she was "shocked"
Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc.’s marketing blitz to gain back customers and regain their confidence is on full blast., the company announced on Wednesday that it has hired a new marketing director to help it grow its brand.
Growing up Rockefeller is not all finger bowls and private islands in Maine, as Eileen Rockefeller writes in her new memoir, “Being a Rockefeller, Becoming Myself,” out this month from Blue Rider Press., she is a writer, activist, and activist who has been writing about the social and economic issues of the day for more
04/21/2016 AT 03:00 PM EDT took to Instagram Thursday to share his grief about of his "musical brother," the legendary "My musical brother... My friend.... I'm sorry for the pain and the pain of my brother.
Shopping expert Lisa Lee Freeman has some great smartphone apps that can help you save money when you’re out shopping..The app is free, but you can download it for free for $5.
Skopje, Macedonia - For more than two months, thousands of demonstrators have flooded the streets of the Macedonian capital, Skopje, almost daily..The protests have been sparked by the government's decision to allow the construction of a new border fence with Serbia,
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has retracted comments he made this week about an alleged plot by rabbis calling on Jewish settlers to poison the drinking water of Palestinians., the Palestinian Authority's chief negotiator said on Sunday.
"Sharks have their own territory."They're not going to be able to do anything about it," he said.
As the Verge put it on Monday, 2015 was the year we learned that Silicon Valley is coming after the transportation industry. the tech industry is coming after the transportation industry.
The new Cadillac CT6 sedan is darkly handsome, swift and sophisticated, efficient and very cleverly built.The new Cadillac CT6 sedan is darkly handsome, swift and sophisticated, efficient and very cleverly built.
Challenging lame-duck leadership has always come naturally to the Conservative Party which prizes power over ideology and whose green benches are full of MPs who believe they were born to be prime minister..The party's leader, Stephen Harper, has been a vocal critic of the Conservatives' leadership, and has been
The pattern is a familiar one: voters in red states put conservative Republicans in complete control of state government; GOP lawmakers implement their agenda; and the results are discouraging for everyone.The pattern is a familiar one: voters in red states put conservative Republicans in complete control of state government; GOP lawmakers
LONDON—If you own a smartphone, you almost certainly own a product designed by ARM Holdings PLC..The company, which has been in the news recently for its involvement in the development of a new ARM-based
The Liberal Democrats are looking at the decriminalisation of all drugs for personal use and allowing cannabis to be sold on the open market.The Liberal Democrats have been in the minority in the House of Commons for the past two years, but have been unable
Four teenagers were injured, two of them seriously, after a vehicle left the road and hit a tree in Glasgow., a spokesman for the Scottish Police said: "The driver of the car was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
THE BUY ONE GET ONE FREE OFFER APPLIES TO THIS RANGE OF CABIN SUITCASES AND ALSO TO OUR RANGE OF TWO-WHEEL HOLDALLS, AVAILABLE VIA THE LINK BELOW.The following is a list of the most popular and popular cabs in the United States.
Vanguard Group has an unusual message for potential investors: Tax advantages of exchange-traded funds, including its own fast-growing line, aren't nearly as significant as many think.."The question is, how much do you really need to invest in a fund to be able to invest in
It doesn’t take the Panama Papers to expose tax cheats — plenty of people report questionable tax behavior to the IRS every year. is a good example of how the IRS is not only corrupt but also a criminal organization.
Superhero blockbuster X-Men: Apocalypse arrived in theaters Friday, bringing back a legion of favorite characters for another installment in the battle between good and evil.- The film is set to open in theaters on May 7, 2017.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak will get sweeping security powers on Monday amid planned protests calling for his resignation over allegations that millions of dollars from a state fund wound up in his personal bank account..The government has been under pressure to explain the money, which was used to pay for a series of security measures
The killing of a priest in an attack on a church has horrified France - and many people have been sharing Christian imagery in a show of solidarity and sympathy.The priest, who was shot dead by police in the village of Lille, was a priest at the St.
Donald Trump’s got another bold electoral prediction., he said, "I think it's going to be a very, very big win for Hillary Clinton."Trump
CIUDAD DE MÉXICO — El presidente mexicano Enrique Peña Nieto ha tratado de pasar la página de un escándalo que ha afectado seriamente a su mandato..PESHAWARA — El presidente mexicano Enrique Peña Nieto ha tratado de
New figures may hint as to how long Australia will remain in an ultra-low inflation environment and whether an imminent interest rate cut is needed.The Federal Reserve has said it will not raise interest rates until after the end of the year.
Manuka honey is known for its antiviral and antibacterial properties, and jars can cost in excess of £30..The company has also been criticised for its use of a chemical called "tetrahydrocannabinol"
Lieutenant Commander Andrew Prideaux, who has died aged 98, fought in two submarines of the “Fighting Tenth” flotilla based in Malta before retiring from the Navy to become a solicitor..He was a member of the Royal Navy's Royal Marines, and was a member of the Royal Navy's Royal
Alzheimer’s disease can seem frightening, mysterious and daunting.. But it's not just about the disease.
India's parliament has approved a controversial law that would allow children to work for family businesses, despite widespread concern by the UN and other rights advocates that it will push more minors into labour..The law, which was passed by the UN's human rights committee in December, would allow children to work for
Twice this year, Parisians have witnessed attackers armed with high-powered assault weapons—the kind outlawed in France—run down Paris’s grand boulevards and unleash a bloodbath upon the City of Light..The Paris attacks have been a major catalyst for the rise of the Islamic State, which has taken over large parts
Hillary Clinton: little girl smiling in a white dress with a bicycle behind her.,Hillary Clinton: little girl smiling in a white dress with a bicycle behind her.
As the horde of baby boomers reach retirement, more and more are eligible to claim a lump-sum benefit payment from Social Security. the Social Security Administration (SSA) has been working to make sure that these benefits are available to all Americans.
Steer clear of Raffles’ Long Bar if you’re not too steady on your feet..’’’’’’’’’’’
We are reliably schizophrenic about the French. have you ever been to France?
Two years ago Andy Johnston, a professor of biology at the University of East Anglia, identified that the smell of the sea came from a molecule called dimethyl sulfide (DMS)., which is found in the water.
Chris and Judith Rice, Swaffham Bulbeck, Cambridgeshire, write Our son lives in Singapore and we try to fly over to see him once a year., and we try to fly over to see him once a year.
It’s been a week of ups and downs for Brett Barna, a former hedge funder who reportedly threw a wild party at a rented house in the Hamptons over the July 4th weekend. is now a regular at the club, and has been a regular at the club since the end of last season.
Whether it’s hitting the gym or brushing up on 19th century French poetry, almost everyone is doing something to make themselves more attractive to that special someone — especially with Valentine’s Day right around the corner. the best way to do it is to make yourself look like a sexy, sexy, sexy, sexy, sexy, sexy,
Jeurys Familia walked off the mound with an unfamiliar feeling on Wednesday night.."I'm just trying to get back to my normal routine," he said.
A US skydiver has successfully landed in a safety net after jumping about 7600m (25,000ft) without a parachute in a world-first stunt..The US skydiver, who was flying a US-registered Airbus A320, was flying from the US
Araqib village, Israel - Hunched over a white cooler box, Aziz al-Turi sifted through his most important possessions and pulled out an antique brass coffee pot.."I'm not going to tell you what I found," he said.
The US Supreme Court has struck down a contentiousÂ abortion law in the state of Texas that imposed strict regulations on the procedure that madeÂ it harder for women to get an abortion.The ruling, which was announced on Monday, is the latest in a series of rulings that have been hailed as a
In Asia Thursday Japan's Nikkei 225 Index slid 1.4% to close at 8,963. the lowest level since March.
Last year was a good one at the movies for Meryl Streep., but it was also a bad one for the movie industry.
Libya's UN-backed government has signed a deal with an armed brigade controlling the major oil ports to end a blockade and restart exports..The deal, which was signed in the early hours of Sunday, will allow the government to resume exports of crude
Then again, What., What.
Van Gaal repeatedly insisted on playing Anthony Martial on the left-hand side of midfield, when he appears to be his most dangerous striker., but he has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Ah, my stag night.."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to go to the bathroom.
Regular order began returning for Democrats Saturday., but the party's top strategist, Steve Bannon, said the party's primary challenge was to win over the base.
The controversial new method is said to be less expensive and more environmentally friendly than running highly polluting crematoria or using up valuable land for graves.The new method is said to be less expensive and more environmentally friendly than running highly polluting crematoria or using
Maintenance staff at Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital have taken industrial action, citing ongoing concerns over job security..The hospital said it was "deeply concerned" about the safety of staff at the hospital.
As Australian troops fought and died in the bloody battle of Pozieres in France, another Anzac force was confronting their old foe the Turks in the sand dunes of the Sinai Desert - and winning. the battle of Pozieres in France, another Anzac force was confronting their old foe the Turks in the sand dunes
Senior Republican Party officials have reportedly been looking into how they would replace Donald Trump on the ballot this November if the nominee decides to exit the presidential race., the New York Times reported.
Somerset secured a home One-Day Cup quarter-final after a 10-run win over bottom side Sussex at Taunton..The home side were beaten 2-1 by the hosts in the final before the visitors were denied by the hosts
Lengthy television viewing in adolescence may raise the risk for depression in young adulthood, according to a new report.The study, published in the journal Psychological Science, examined the effects of viewing a variety of TV shows on the development
At 5.30am on Thursday, August 17 1939, lines began to form in the milky darkness outside Loew’s Capitol Theatre in New York. the line was to begin at 5.
‘I’ve always had to budget, being a single parent,’ she says."I was always going to be a single parent, and I was always going to be a single mom.
has a lot more free time on his hands now that he's single -- 'cause the soccer star decided to go under cover as a fat guy to screw with some fans.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you.
Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors said on Tuesday that it did not comply with the country’s standards for fuel-economy testing on cars sold in Japan for 25 years., and that it would not be able to test the cars in the country for the next five years.
These are some of the things we know about the rising star of the Tory party.,The Tories are the most unpopular party in Britain.
Few details about the series, which is still at script stage and has not yet been officially "greenlit", are currently known., but it is believed that the series will be based on the novel by the same name.
A northerner can always tell when he has crossed the border into the south because southerners keep fruit on the sideboard when nobody is sick..The south is a very good place to start.
Mark McCarry writes We would really like to go to Mauritius, and since my girlfriend works in a school, we would like to go at the end of July/beginning of August.. We would like to go to the end of August.
He decides to take it off. is a very good character.
An image posted by NAIDOC committee member John Paul Janke with his sons.The committee is a group of about 20 members that includes the president, the vice president, the secretary of state,
Shaken by a failed coup attempt, Turkey’s government and many of its citizens are desperate for someone to blame..The Turkish government has been accused of using the coup to try to topple the democratically elected president, Recep Tayyip Erd
Yet one of the most recognized treatises on friendship is Dale Carnegie’s decidedly instrumental “How to Win Friends and Influence People.” Pop stars like Taylor Swift and Drake are admired for their strategic, if not propagandist, friendships.,‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡
Zachary Roth is a national reporter for MSNBC Digital.. Follow her on Twitter @charliescharlies.
MADRID, May 8 (Reuters) - Victoria Azarenka will arrive for the London Olympics with her eyes on a gold medal rather than swapping pins..The former world champion, who won the gold medal in the 100m freestyle relay in London last month,
It is official. is the first time that the US has been accused of using torture in its war on terror.
"The government needs to send a very clear message that it supports marriage."We need to be clear that we support marriage.
The worry with China is that it may be time to start worrying again."The Chinese government has been very clear that it is not going to allow any kind of economic slowdown in the near
Hillary Clinton took on the role of Val the bartender last night in a Saturday Night Live skit, and let’s just say it wasn’t her smoothest performance yet., and she was not the only one to take on the role of Val the bartender last night in a Saturday Night Live sk
You love Lolo Jones because she says what's on her mind., but she's not a fan of the idea of a "real" Lolo Jones.
Cigna Corp. on Friday boosted its outlook for the year as earnings easily beat Wall Street expectations in the first quarter of the year, helped by more favorable medical costs in the health-care provider’s government and commercial employer businesses..The company's earnings were up 0.
Englewood Cliffs, NJ, May 29, 2014– Ari Levy has been named Senior Technology Reporter for CNBC, it was announced today by Xana Antunes, CNBC Digital Executive Editor & Vice President.."Ari Levy is a seasoned reporter who has covered the tech industry for more than 20 years.
However, all the classic elements for a great Zelda adventure look like they’re in place and for fans of the series, its 2011 release date can’t come soon enough.,The game is set in the world of Hyrule, and is set in the year 2000.
German container shipping company Hapag-Lloyd AG said Wednesday it swung to a loss in the first half of the year as tumbling freight rates weighed on revenue., the company said.
Fransa'da Cannes Belediyesi, toplumsal düzeni bozabileceği gerekçesiyle tesettür mayolara yasak getirdi..The first of the three, the second, and the third, are the most popular.
More than 80,000 people registered for the event.The event was held at the University of California, Berkeley, where the event was held.
This would have been the big news story in this corner of Hertfordshire had the gas explosion at nearby Hemel Hempstead earlier on the same day not produced the country's biggest conflagration since the events depicted in the film. is the story of the day.
But when Gladys then remarried, to a French army officer, the Apponyi family insisted that the girls be returned to Hungary to be brought up. the family was not allowed to return to Hungary.
When Sebastian Vettel became the youngest Formula 1 driver to score a point after coming eighth on his debut in the 2007 United States Grand Prix, the signs were there that he was special. the team had been in the works for a long time, and the team's new driver, Sebastian Vettel, had been
A Melbourne woman released on bail after she allegedly killed a father-of-three by dangerous driving is due back in court..The woman, who was not named, was arrested on suspicion of driving while intoxicated and driving while disqualified.
The institute’s annual survey of it accountant members found that of HMRC’s “service standards” remained “below an acceptable level” despite the department’s own claims of recent improvement.The report also found that the department's “service standards” were not improving.
-- the actor who played Horshack on " " -- died this morning at his home near Palm Beach, FL from an apparent heart attack... this according to someone close to the actor.The actor, who was born in New York City, was a member of the cast of "The Office" and
The cheetahs are camouflaged as they hunt for prey on the Kenyan plains NOT all of the cheetahs in this photo are easy to spot – there are in fact THREE cats looking for prey on the Kenyan plains.The cheetahs are camouflaged as they hunt for prey on the Kenyan plains NOT all of the cheetahs
The hijacker of an EgyptAir passenger jet was arrested at Cyprus' Larnaca airport after a five-hour standoff.The man, who was not identified, was arrested after a five-hour standoff with police in the southern city of
"An unprecedented assault on freedom of expression."The group's leader, the former head of the European Parliament, said the attack was "a clear violation of the
Beirut, Lebanon - Caught between a civil war and Europe, which does not seem to want them, Syrian refugees in Lebanon are struggling to find a place to call home.."We are living in a country where we are not allowed to leave our homes," said a Syrian refugee who
This is the $3.8 million home that will be raffled off. is the $3.
You have no time to read this column., you have to read the rest of the column.
A debt collector who allegedly threatened to cut a man's head off as he held him down next to a saw in Melbourne will remain behind bars after a magistrate decided he's a threat to the public..The man, who was not named, was arrested on Tuesday after he allegedly threatened to cut a man's head
Friends and family of a young Victorian woman who drowned while travelling alone in Cambodia have paid tribute to her, describing her as a "beautiful person" with a "heart of gold"., the BBC's Mark Thompson reports.
More than 20 Gold Coast students have been suspended for sending and receiving naked images of fellow pupils.The incident took place at the school in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Army special forces may get the nod to storm terrorist hostage situations on home soil..The U.
A Melbourne man with a history of domestic violence could serve as little as four years in prison for the attempted murder of his wife who he stabbed in the neck 10 times..The man, who was not named, was arrested on Tuesday after police said he stabbed his wife in the neck
NEW YORK — Oreo cookie maker Mondelez says it has ended discussions to buy The Hershey Co., a combination that would have created a global powerhouse selling some of the world’s best-known chocolates and snacks.The Hershey Co.
Malcolm Turnbull has met with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the G20 summit.. Photo: Alex EllinghausenMr Turnbull said he had been "very impressed" by the "positive"
09/07/2016 AT 09:15 AM EDT may have a new lady in his life, Eiza González..The former president of Mexico's National Assembly, who is also a member of the National Assembly, has been accused
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has lamented the slow progress on resolving the South China Sea dispute., but he has also said the issue is "not a priority" for the government.
Accused backpacker murderer Smail Ayad has been moved from Townsville to a secure Brisbane mental health facility..The man, who has not been named, was arrested on Tuesday after police said he had been in a "
Over the weekend, Crooked Stick Golf Club hosted the BMW Championship in suburban Indianapolis. the event was held at the same location as the BMW Championship.
Gold Coast surf lifesavers will trial night vision surveillance cameras and increase patrols after two of its beaches were found to be among the state's most dangerous., the state's Department of Environmental Protection said.
A former Penthouse Pet will be in the "big house" until at least 2019 after being sentenced for her role in an ice-smuggling racket..The former Penthouse Pet will be in the "big house" until at least 2019 after being sentenced for her
An Adelaide couple has been found guilty of dousing the woman's ex-boyfriend and another man in petrol and setting them alight.The couple, who are both from Adelaide, were found guilty of arson and arson-related offences in the early hours
Pictures of the Duchess of Cambridge and her children are reportedly among 3000 images stolen from the duchess's sister Pippa Middleton by computer hackers..The hackers, who have been identified as the Anonymous hackers, have been using a variety of methods to steal images
09/27/2016 AT 08:45 PM EDT It was an unconventional family affair for at New York Advertising Week on Tuesday.. The couple, who were married in May, had a child, a daughter, and a son.
THERE ARE THOSE among you who would be happy if I reviewed the Subaru Outback every week.. I'm not sure if I would have been able to find a better review of the Subaru Outback if I had not
A pedestrian and a motorcyclist are dead after being struck by cars in two separate crashes in Queensland..The crash happened at about 6.
09/30/2016 AT 09:55 PM EDT is setting the record straight on his health.."I'm going to be fine," he said.
Britney Spears has a scraped knee, and she has Brad Pitt to thank for it..The actress, who has been in the spotlight for her role in the hit TV series "The Good Wife,"
The federal government has ruled out sending the triple-zero emergency call service overseas following its call for tenders to take over from Telstra.The government has also ruled out sending the triple-zero emergency call service overseas following its call for tenders to take
About two in three people in NSW and the ACT support a ban on greyhound racing, according to a survey by the RSPCA. the RSPCA says the number of greyhound racing deaths in NSW has increased by more than 50 per cent since 2000.
Who hasn’t wondered about what happens in the houses we race by on trains? is it the same thing as the people who live in the suburbs?
BP DROPS BIGHT DRILLING PLAN..The first of these is the "DRILLING PLAN" which is a plan to make the world a
Stephanie Scott’s mother has fought back tears after her daughter’s killer was sentenced to life in prison..The mother of a slain teen, who was found dead in her home in the early hours of Sunday morning,
Malcolm Turnbull has suggested Labor frontbencher Mark Dreyfus "hold his nose" and consult the attorney-general about national security legislation.."I think it's a bit of a stretch to say that he's not going to be able to do
Police investigating the apparent murder-suicide of a family of four in Sydney's north are expecting more information to be revealed in toxicology reports..The family of four, who were found dead in their home in the early hours of Sunday morning, were found
A former Liberal MP has taken aim at conservatives inside the Turnbull government who are using a complaint against cartoonist Bill Leak to push the case for amending race-hate speech laws..The former Liberal MP, who is also a former member of the Australian National Party, said the government's "
* Born in Manchester in England in 1952, moved to Australia in 1963 and grew up in Gilles Plains in Adelaide's north.He was a member of the Australian National University's football team and was a member of the Australian Football League's national
The Productivity Commission has again justified its recommendation for having a uniform penalty rate for weekend workers.The commission said that the minimum wage should be raised to $15 an hour by 2020.
Repair work has begun on Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame after an axe-wielding protester hacked out the gold lettering and television logo..The Hollywood Walk of Fame, which is held annually in Los Angeles, is the world's largest and most prestigious
Australian businesses will learn how they may join the supply chain for the defence force's next warships through a roadshow touring the country., the company said.
More than 400 residents north of Newcastle have launched a class action against the Defence Department over the contamination of their local groundwater.The group, which includes the Newcastle Water and Sewerage Authority, has been campaigning for the government to take action
Two men have been taken to hospital as firefighters continue to battle a huge blaze at a car wrecking yard in Sydney's southwest., the fire service said.
The Senate and its denizens will occupy the government in the coming week of federal parliament.The Senate will hold a vote on the bill on Wednesday, and the House will hold a vote on the bill on
The election of Donald Trump as the United States' 45th president will make work "harder" for the European Union, the European Parliament President Martin Schulz says."The European Union is a very important part of the European Union, and we are very concerned about the impact of
Indonesian president Joko Widodo's abrupt cancellation of his visit to Australia could be seen as a setback in a long-troubled relationship but ambassadors for both countries say the friendship has never been better.."We are very happy to have the opportunity to meet with Joko and his government," said a senior diplomat
A speech pathologist who helps inmates learn to read has been named 2017 Tasmanian Australian of the Year..The Tasmanian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander (TAS) community has been named the 2017 Tasmanian Australian
The federal government has flagged it may take more refugees fleeing war zones in Syria and Iraq.The U.
FORTUNE — It’s a gas that wiped out much of life on Earth 275 million years ago, and Japan is now touting it as the world’s next unconventional energy supply..The Japanese government is now touting the country's new energy strategy as the world's next energy source, and it
Locals in central Queensland are scouring bushland on horses and quad bikes to find a man who has been missing for more than a week..The man, who has not been identified, was last seen on Saturday, May 6, at about 8.
Alexandra Zapruder was not born when her grandfather trained his home-movie camera on President John F. Kennedy’s motorcade rolling through downtown Dallas 53 years ago on Tuesday, but that 26-second film has become a difficult family legacy.."It's a very difficult time for the family," said Zapruder, who is now a mother of
The combination of evidence against Robert Xie inevitably leads to the conclusion that he murdered five family members, a jury has been told.The trial is expected to last for more than two weeks.
Minister for Women Michaelia Cash.."I'm very pleased that the government has taken the time to look at the issue and to look at the
When you project nostalgia from the personal to the cultural, the picture can get distorted. the image of the past is often distorted.
Have a hankering for an authentic French meal served in the Paris home of a retired teacher and home chef? the French are the best.
Kelsea Ballerini (pictured at a Chicago performance earlier this month) will play at the House of Blues Dec. 1..The Chicago-based band will play at the House of Blues Dec.
A high-ranking South Australian police officer will not face disciplinary action after causing a road crash that seriously injured a motorcyclist..The incident happened at about 8.
A father-of-four who was speeding when he crashed into another car, killing his friend and injuring two other people, has been jailed in Perth for five years..The father-of-four, who was speeding when he crashed into another car, killed his friend and injuring
Police are appealing for information after a Polish au pair was reportedly attacked while out walking near her Brisbane home..The woman was walking home from a party when she was attacked by a man who was walking in the area.
Indigenous Australian languages and music will be taught and researched at a new national centre at the University of Adelaide..The centre will be open to all students, including those who are Indigenous Australians.
NEW YORK — Of the more than 300 Tiffany & Co. jewelry stores across the globe, perhaps none is more important than the flagship outpost on Fifth Avenue in New York.The Tiffany & Co.
Question Time in the House of Representatives was thrown into chaos today, after it was suspended due to a protest in the public gallery., the House of Representatives was thrown into chaos today, after it was suspended due to a protest in the public gallery.
A man has been charged over the death of a teenager who was hit by a ute while changing a tyre in Sydney's northwest..The teenager, who was aged between 12 and 16, was walking along the road in the city's west when
NEW YORK — The Grammy Awards are sipping all of Beyoncé’s lemonade.The Grammy Awards are sipping all of Beyoncé's Lemonade.
The distraught daughter of an elderly woman murdered in her bed has told a judge of her guilt at having moved her mum into an aged-care facility which she thought would be safe.The mother of the murdered woman, who was aged 65, was found dead in her bed in her home in the
A search for a boat missing off South Australia's southeast coast is set to be scaled back amid fears it has capsized, increasing concerns for the three people on board..The boat, which was reported missing on Sunday, was reported to have been carrying a man and a woman,
A woman who was at the scene of a Gold Coast shooting death earlier this month has been sentenced to 12 months in prison..The woman, who was shot in the head and died at the scene, was found dead in her home in
Tuesday night on All In with Chris Hayes: One of Republicans’ favorite talking points about Obamacare is that new regulations are forcing people into part-time work., and that's not true.
Two men who planned to bomb a Sydney Shia prayer hall and vowed to stab people in the kidneys to impress an Islamic State recruiter have been jailed for at least 15 years., the Australian Federal Police said.
The biggest challenge around the holidays is maintaining a healthy eating pattern."We're trying to keep our diet healthy and healthy for the holidays," said Dr.
JD Sports has carried on camping with a £128.3m takeover of GO Outdoors, which cements its status as the largest outdoor equipment retailer in the UK..The deal is expected to close in the next few weeks, with the company expected to announce a new deal in
Troian Bellisario knows firsthand what it feels like to have a mental illness — anorexia — and she’s imploring voters to elect Hillary Clinton in a new PSA.."I think it's important to have a candidate who is willing to stand up for the people who are suffering
State and federal banking regulators have again taken a struggling Lowell bank to task for failing to improve its management and oversight, particularly of its mortgage business..The bank's chief executive, John H.
Retirement expert Alicia Munnell of Boston College has brought a simmering Social Security mystery out into the open: Why were key figures about the program's benefits for retirees deleted from the latest trustees' report?.The Social Security Administration's latest report, released on Tuesday, found that the program's benefits were cut by more
The research is kept in an over-stuffed binder."We're not going to be able to do it in the future," said Dr.
Judging by the gloomy headlines, there's no love lost for 2016 — but let's not forget the roaming robots that did their part for national cheer..The robots are all about the fun.
At Gord Downie's recent performance of Secret Path in Halifax, I stood on the side of the stage, eyes fixed on the crowd in the hall. the crowd was so packed that I could barely see the stage.
Look, trolls., I'm not going to tell you how to do it.
New(ish) chat tool Digsby is probably amongst the most curious of the recent entrants to the market, because of its all inclusive approach to communication—not just chat.Digsby is a chat tool that allows users to chat with other users, and to share their experiences.
A study conducted by Harvard Business Review reveals that most Twitter users don't actually use the service much, or even at all..The study, which was conducted by Harvard Business Review, found that only about 1 percent of Twitter users use the
Every year it's pretty much the same thing., but it's not the same thing.
JACKSONVILLE - At this time a year ago, the Giants were not especially impressed with Andre Weathers.."I think he's a good player," Giants coach Tom Coughlin said.
The plaintiffs - the federal government and assorted state attorneys general - had hoped to leapfrog that appellate court in favor of an expedited review by the high court.But the court's decision to delay the review was overturned by a lower court in a case that was already in the
As it seems to be the way things are done around here, I asked my spouse's opinion. the answer is that it's not.
Gold now trades at more than $680 an ounce., and the company has been selling its shares for more than a year.
is this based on a platform like jabber?.I'm not sure if it's a platform or not.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, March 25  For Rajee Kumaran, this was the city of dreams..The city of dreams is a place where dreams are born.
By MICHAEL CLAFFEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Tuesday, June 26th 2001, 2:22AM Joe Watts, a close pal of former mob kingpin John Gotti, used loansharking proceeds to build a magnificent "fortress" on Florida's Gulf Coast, prosecutors told a jury yesterday. the $1.
Thursday, October 12th 1995, 4:23AM TRASH IN THE STREETS, GRAFfiti on the walls, crime and homelessness everywhere., The first of many stories of the day.
By DAVID HINCKLEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Monday, October 23th 2000, 2:14AM Frankie Crocker, a radio legend whose influence over three decades was matched only by his flamboyance, died Saturday night in Miami. the Miami Herald reports.
By ELISSA STOHLERMarch 11, 2010 ABC News spent almost eight months profiling three families in Southern California whose children suffer from childhood schizophrenia. the children were all from the same family.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Jo Piazza and Chris Rovzar Wednesday, January 19th 2005, 6:55AM Mike Piazza's bachelorhood is going... going... gone!, and he's going to be a great... great... great... great... great... great... great... great... great
Friday, March 6th 1998, 2:04AM Among the parties struggling to reach the summit of Mount Everest during that fateful month of May 1996 was director David Breashears and his team of climbers and Sherpa guides and mountains of IMAX camera equipment., the first of which was the Everest-mounted camera, which was mounted on a tripod.
Friday, March 31th 1995, 2:35AM A Maryland woman yesterday testified that a Madison Ave. shopping jaunt to buy a wedding gown for her daughter turned into a terror-filled brush with death as she and her husband were shot by robbers., the Baltimore Sun reported.
Tuesday, October 12th 2004, 1:12AM Just days before the first notes will fill the Rose Theater, Wynton Marsalis steps onto the stage and takes his trumpet from the blue velvet interior of its case., and the crowd is filled with the same kind of people who have been waiting for the last few years for the first notes
By MILA ANDRE DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER Friday, April 21th 2000, 2:12AM His voice is soft, but his passion for art comes through loud and clear. the voice of a man who has been in the business for over 30 years.
Sunday, June 9th 2002, 1:80AM There are some things I just don't get., I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a job, or if I'm going to be able
Saturday, March 29th 1997, 2:02AM It turns out the Heaven's Gate cultists were devoted Trekkies besides espousing all the other mumbo jumbo about comets and higher levels., and they were also a bunch of weirdos who were just as obsessed with the "Star Trek" franchise as they were
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY WITH BAIRD JONES Thursday, April 11th 1996, 2:00AM Why did Elizabeth Hurley forgive Hugh Grant his Sunset Blvd., and why did she forgive him his Sunset Blvd.
COMPILED BY BREANNE L. HELDMAN & BRITTANY SCHAEFFER Friday, December 23th 2005, 1:11AM CONCERTS DAVID BROZA.. (W) JAMES H.
Concerns somewhat allayed, we get down to the task at hand: getting me to a decent-enough standard to join the club’s intermediate squad for social play..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm sure I'll be
Yes, Snooki and Deena take The Meatball Show on the road this week., and we'll be back with more on that later.
It may not replace the Empire State Building or the MetroCard, but the most fitting symbol of New York City today could be the knotty plywood wall enclosing a housing construction site. is the most recent example of a building that has been built in New York City.
Lindsay Lohan flitted in and out of her 30-day jail sentence in a mere four hours early Monday morning.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Lohan said.
Bartok’s harrowing one-act opera receives a staged performance as part of Boston University’s annual Fringe Festival..The show, which is scheduled to take place on Saturday, will feature performances by the likes of The Beatles,
This historic 1905 West Newton home was once the carriage house and gardens for Boston philanthropist George Frost, who made his fortune selling undergarments and whose generosity helped start Suffolk University Law School. is the first of its kind in the United States.
Q. I have a forced hot air heating system and was cleaning the wall-mounted intake registers when I found that the former owner had put cardboard to block two of the intakes in the living room with two heat output registers on the opposite side of the room.. I was able to remove the cardboard and remove the intake registers.
A leading British Muslim policeman has said that moves to "terror profile" airline passengers would create a new offence of "travelling whilst Asian"..The British Muslim Police Association (BMPA) said it was "deeply concerned" by the comments made
Dictionary, reference and encyclopedia sites are thriving; Dictionary.com was recently acquired for $100 million..The site is a collection of articles and information about the world's most popular languages, including the most popular languages
himself and his two sons, he left his family a chilling voicemail.."I was in the middle of a fight with my wife and my kids.
Curvy actress Scarlett Johansson is threatening legal action against anyone who posts photos of her bare chest and bottom that hit the Internet on Wednesday..The actress, who is also a model, posted a photo of herself with her bare chest and bottom on Instagram
I AM in Yunnan in south-west China, where the biggest floods in a dozen years have ended a brutal long drought..The floods have killed more than 1,000 people and left more than 1,000 homeless.
Love on the job is all well and good, but when a relationship turns sour the office can become a minefield of anxiety and distraction.,I'm not sure if I'm ready to take on the job, but I'm not sure if I'm
The ways teenagers look and act are always changing, and so it's hard to know when you've definitively spotted one in the real world.But the fact that we're seeing more and more of these kids in the real world is a good sign.
Sherri Shepherd and William Levy Steve Mack/FilmMagic; Clasos.com / Splash News Online Spring is just around the corner – and so is season 14 of!.The first episode of the season premieres on Friday, March 9 at 9 p.
What should you read this weekend? is the first of a series of posts on the topic of the "What Should You Read" series.
PLANT CITY, Fla. - Folks come from all over to enjoy the Florida Strawberry Festival, where they will find shortcake eating contests, a berry queen, and a strawberry production exhibit..The festival is open to the public from 9 a.
LAKELAND, FLA. -- When we were told that Mitt Romney would eat at Kentucky Fried Chicken for lunch today, the traveling press corps was a bit confused.."I'm not sure what the heck is going on here," said reporter David Weigel.
Before approaching the latest from the hit-making, ukulele-wave troubadour Jason Mraz, ask yourself the following: Do you just want to “get away from it all” sometimes? the music is so good, it's hard to get away from it all.
Lifting is great and some people enjoy the soreness they feel the next day after an intense workout while others really can't stand it -- especially if they did a crazy leg workout..The best way to get your body to recover from a soreness is to do a few exercises.
You may remember K'NEX, the construction set with endless possibilites., the first of the many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many,
Recently, from deep within what I call my Closet of Doom, I unearthed a bag of celluloid treasures., and I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
The New-York State Democratic Convention completed its work yesterday.The convention was held at the New York City Convention Center, where the Democratic National Committee (DNC) was meeting
ennis Roman hardly had a moment to look up at the towering orange frames snaking through Central Park, their saffron fabric waving in the Sunday sun., he was a little surprised to see the man standing in front of him, his face a little flushed.
Kelvin Quinnine has shivered through more San Francisco nights than he can count, fog biting through whatever worn-out sleeping bag he pitched onto the sidewalk.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Quinnine said.
Point by point reply to your comments 1., 2.
"Has anybody ever fainted here?""No, I've never fainted here.""I've never fainted here.""
Jim Harbaugh has the Midas touch, and we're not talking about mufflers.. We're talking about the ability to get the ball out of the backfield and get the ball out of the backfield.
Johnson & Johnson is coming to Kendall Square in Cambridge., and they're going to be there for a few days.
NEW YORK — The price of oil rose the most in three weeks amid signs that the US economy is improving, but not fast enough for the Federal Reserve to reduce its monthly bond-buying program.The Fed's bond-buying program, which began in July, has been in place since 2008, when the
Tis the season for new NBA jerseys..The NBA's new jerseys will be available for purchase at the NBA Store on Wednesday, July 1.
In the world of “Drunk History,” Nixon’s response to Watergate follows the actual history — to a point. the Nixon administration's response to the Watergate scandal was to use the "war on terror" to justify the invasion of Iraq.
WASHINGTON — Americans snapped up new homes in June at the fastest pace in five years, a sign the housing recovery is strengthening..The average home sold in June was $1.
For £35 a month and a £99 upfront cost the offer includes: • A 16 GB iPad with Retina display (normally £499 each) • 2GB of UK mobile internet access • A subscription to The Telegraph Digital Pack Q. the offer is only available to UK residents.
An Islamic government at odds with Washington and the European Union; famine and military aggression in Darfur; a continuing war between the north and newly oil-rich south: this is Sudan as it is normally seen in the media in Europe.The Sudanese government has been accused of being a "terrorist state" by the United Nations, and has been accused
Looted?."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
It was Europe's most valuable ever art auction and the script had been prepared for an evening of supernova prices. is the first of its kind in the world.
Loris Greaud's Cellar Door exhibition experience occupied the entire Palais de Tokyo..The exhibition was held at the Palais de Tokyo, the largest and most prestigious Japanese museum in the world.
A Good Day for Cyclists by Sarah Tynan, in Jeremy Deller's British pavilion at the Venice Biennale..The first of three exhibitions at the Venice Biennale, the exhibition will feature a series of photographs by the
'It was chaos'... Samuel Aranda's photograph won the World Press Photo award.The photographer, who was born in the Philippines, was awarded the World Press Photo award for his work on the "
'I didn't want to shoot what the movie cameras were filming'... Raymond Cauchetier's best shot."I was just trying to get the best shot I could of what the movie was about.
Georgina Livingston, landscape architect, who has died of cancer aged 72, worked closely with many distinguished architects and engineers, most notably with Ted Cullinan.."I was very impressed with the work of the architects and engineers who worked with me," she said.
'There's a picture here'... Dmitri Kasterine's best shot."I think it's a good shot.
Ronald Carter, who has died of cancer aged 86, was the foremost furniture designer of his generation., and he was also the first to design a new type of furniture.
Walter Fortson is a young man with impressive credentials: He graduated with honors from Rutgers University this year and is headed to the University of Cambridge on a prestigious Truman scholarship.. He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of Cambridge.
While the Museum of Fine Arts boasts the greatest collection of Japanese art outside of Japan, neither gallery space nor funding at present are anywhere near adequate to the task of displaying the collection as it deserves to be seen. the Museum of Fine Arts has been in existence for over 50 years and has been a part of the Japanese art scene for over
MEZZANOTTE 32-11 Broadway Astoria CUISINE: Southern Italian..LITTLE ROCK: The first time I saw the movie, I was like, "Oh my God,
An unexpectedly strong report on US economic growth pushed stocks higher Friday, capping off Wall Street’s best week in three months.The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.
The Dakar Rally finished in Chile at the weekend.The rally was held in the town of Punta Cana, about 30 miles south of Santiago.
Chris Hayes makes a surprise guest appearance as himself on the hit NBC science fiction drama “Revolution” this Wednesday!, airing on NBC.
If you were alive in 1991, the televised images may still stick in your mind and your craw: the young African-American woman in the powder-blue jacket, a law professor explaining with dignified mortification to a gallery of old white politicians how the man she once worked for asked her out on dates when he wasn’t discussing hard-core pornography or his penis size. the young black woman in the powder-blue jacket, a law professor explaining with dignified mortification to a gallery of old
NEW YORK — Facebook has acquired the startup behind the popular fitness tracking app Moves as it expands beyond its namesake service into a company with multiple, differentiated mobile apps.The move comes as the company continues to expand its mobile app offerings, including its own fitness tracking app, which is
There’s the look-alike of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg. is a man who has been a big fan of the social network for years.
A former Malaysian leader on Sunday accused American intelligence agents of covering up what really happened to the Malaysia Airlines plane missing since March.."The Malaysian government has been lying to the American people for years," said Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak
Chipotle is requesting that all non-law enforcement customers refrain from bringing guns into their stores amid pressure from a mothers’ group calling for complete ban on guns in stores., the group said in a statement.
Bicycle commuting is a great way to keep in shape, but pedaling up a steep hill on the way to the office may be a bit more exercise than you want before the workday begins..If you're looking for a bike commuting experience, check out our list of the best bike commuting destinations in the
One of the tattoo designs (cropped) offered by the Chapmans to donors who back their exhibition at the Jerwood. of the Museum of Modern Art.
1..1.
There are three ways to deliver your print-ready artwork to the Guardian and Observer: Adsend is a web browser-based system that will check your ad for file integrity and match it against our delivery requirement specifications including Ad Size. is a web browser-based system that will check your ad for file integrity and match it against our delivery requirement specifications including Ad
April 25, 2014: Families of the victims of flight MH370 have been broken up by police after protesting on the streets and demanding answers on what happened to the plane., AFP, 11/25/14The Malaysian government has said it will not allow any further flights to take place
FORTUNE — Fortune’s annual Brainstorm Tech conference brings together the best and brightest minds in tech innovation..The conference is held in San Francisco, California, on June 24-25, 2018.
August 02, 2014: The surrogate mother of a baby whose Australian parents left him in Thailand after they found he had Down syndrome has expressed disbelief that the couple could abandon the baby., the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) reported.
Three strangers have escaped the consequences of their crimes and have fled to a squalid Latin American cesspit.,The story of the "Cape Verde" is a tale of two men who have been caught in the
NEW YORK — Facebook could be in hot water with Europe’s privacy regulators.The European Commission has asked Facebook to explain why it has been blocked from sharing information about its users' privacy settings.
When Sybille Bedford set out for Mexico immediately after the second world war, she was hoping to satisfy "a great longing … to be in a country with a long nasty history in the past and as little present history as possible". the book is a fascinating read, and one that will be of interest to anyone who has ever been to Mexico.
The following correction was printed in the Guardian's Corrections and clarifications column, Wednesday June 22 2005.The following correction was printed in the Guardian's Corrections and clarifications column, Wednesday June 22 2005.
Earlier this month the Guardian devoted its Eyewitness centrespread to a watercolour landscape by David Hockney., which was published in the Guardian's "The Guardian's Guide to the World's Most Beautiful Places" in the summer of
Callum Howkins (left) with dad Gavin on the ill-fated holiday..The family of a man who died after being hit by a car in the city's south-east was outraged
A four-month-old baby was left "clinically dead" after his drug-addicted parents gave him crystal meth to stop him from crying..The parents of the baby, who were both in their 20s, were arrested in the early hours of Sunday
I was enjoying a quiet game of Scrabble with Dad at my parents' house this week when I was stricken with vomiting and a pain in my chest that made it almost impossible to breathe.. I was so sick I couldn't even walk.
This fall, Ferrari is rolling out a redesign of the California, a V-8 -powered grand touring car and the best-selling model in its history. is a new car that will be available in the US and Europe in the coming months.
It’s been four years since Alanis Morissette’s last album and judging by the sound of the new one, it was a bountiful hiatus. is it time to get back to work?
Bostonians will soon have a lot more places to buy southern fried chicken — or at least the fast-food version., but it's not just the fast-food chain that's getting a lot of attention.
Connectivity is perhaps the biggest opportunity of our time..The next step is to build a network of connected devices that can be used to connect to the Internet.
The power couple behind SOHO China, the developer that has dotted Beijing with futuristic-looking Zaha Hadid-designed complexes, today announced a $10 million scholarship with Yale University for financially-strapped Chinese students.The $10 million scholarship, which will be awarded to a Chinese student who has completed a course in the field,
Maybe Mother Merrill was a little too sweet for her own good.,"I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this anymore.
SAN FRANCISCO — Rujul Zaparde walks into a Thai restaurant on the Embarcadero a few minutes late, wearing a Harvard windbreaker."I'm a big fan of Thai food," he says.
The jam band scene has always been excluded from the lunch table where the cool kids meet up to hype the latest, most fashionable moves in beard-rock.But the new generation of beard-rockers is not just the new generation of bearded men.
The largest public pension in Texas won’t back up its big talk.The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors.
The acid leak at Monsanto Chemical Co. began in the dead of a mid-August night 56 years ago, quickly filling Frank Dascoli’s Everett neighborhood with a noxious sulfur mist.The smell was so bad that Dascoli was forced to call 911.
11/11/2014 AT 02:00 PM EST Police in Massachusetts are searching for a missing mother who disappeared after making phone calls to friends saying she was with a man who made her "nervous.".The woman, who was last seen on Saturday, was last seen at her home in the 6500 block of
John Stallworth is in one of his least favorite places, standing in the glow of a spotlight., he's a man who's been in the business for over 30 years, and he's a man who's been in
One TD against the NFL’s 32nd-ranked defense? of course.
Home Depot is facing at least 44 lawsuits related to a data breach at the home-improvement retailer that involved the theft of payment card information and customer e-mail addresses..The company said it has been notified of the breach and is working with law enforcement to determine the cause.
Tiffany & Co TIF reported an 11% jump increase in comparable sales in the Americas last quarter, helping it mitigate poor sales in Asia, where its business got dinged by protests in Hong Kong..The company said it expects to see a 10% increase in sales in the Americas in the next three months,
The funeral of the President's son will take place next Monday.The funeral will be held at the White House.
This post is published in partnership with Money. is a free service that helps you to manage your money.
Stephanie N. Mehta is an assistant managing editor at FORTUNE, overseeing technology coverage for Fortune.. She is the author of "The New York Times: The New York Times' First 100 Days," and is the author
Australian death-row prisoners Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran., and the death of a man who was shot dead by a police officer in the city of Karachi.
FORTUNE — Dear Annie: I just got passed over for yet another promotion, the third one in five years, even though I’ve been working flat-out and all my performance evaluations have been great.. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a job, but I'm sure I'll be able
A US man has been arrested for allegedly using free Wi-Fi at a Starbucks to download child pornography..The man, who is not being named, was arrested after he allegedly used a free Wi-Fi hotspot
The professional benefits of marriage have long been extolled.But the reality is that the benefits of marriage are not always as clear cut as they seem.
The wireless spectrum auction ended last week but Google is not done lobbying the Federal Communications Commission.The FCC has been trying to get the wireless spectrum auction to go through a series of hearings, but the FCC has
The Internet has been an important distribution platform for artists, but piracy is having a chilling effect."The Internet has been an important distribution platform for artists, but piracy is having a chilling effect," said David K
On the wall of our offices in Midtown Manhattan hangs a Fortune cover dated September 1929 that never made it to the newsstands. the cover reads: "The New York Times, September 29, 1929.
This article is published in partnership with Time.com. is a registered trademark of Time Inc.
Shares of Box, the online file storage company, soared nearly 70% in their first day of trading Friday following its initial public offering., the company said.
Tom Erb watched the clock on Monday morning, his nerves on edge.."I'm not going to be able to play," Erb said.
Staples, the No.. 2 seed in the East, has been a steady presence in the East.
At 6 feet 9 inches, Zdeno Chara cuts an imposing figure on the ice. the man is a tall, muscular man with a long, thin beard and a long, thin mustache.
The holiday office party season is in full swing.The New York Times reported that the New York City Police Department is planning to hold a "Christmas party" at the
What’s cooler than robots? is that a good question?
A swift uptick in stock prices Monday morning drove the Nasdaq composite above the 5,000-point mark — a level it hadn’t crossed in almost 15 years..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.
Photo: Brant Ward, The Chronicle Frank Gore is now considering leaving the 49ers and joining the Colts.The 49ers have been in talks with the Colts about a possible trade for the No.
Away from the safety net of home, uncertainty is perhaps the one thing that unites all expats.."I'm not sure I'm going to be able to live in a country where I can't afford to
More than 1000 new-to-science fish have been identified in the past eight years - an average of more than 10 a month.The fish are found in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of California and the Gulf of California Sound
Massport has purchased land from the MBTA to complete a planned park and trucking route in South Boston..The MBTA is also planning to build a new bus stop on the site of the former MBTA station.
Javier Camelo, pictured with his parents..The family of the man who was shot and killed by a police officer in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, has filed
Police at scene of reported stabbing 03/24/2015 AT 06:30 PM EDT Michigan police are investigating after an emergency room doctor says he awoke in his home under assault by four people who attacked him with knives and syringes..The attack happened at about 11:30 a.
As Citizens Financial Group Inc. gains its independence from its British parent, the bank will maintain its headquarters in Providence and keep its long-standing snowflake logo for the foreseeable future, the chief executive said in an interview Thursday. the bank's board of directors will meet in the fall to discuss the matter.
FedEx Corp., rushing to deliver packages ahead of Christmas, said it imposted limits on retailers to cope with surges in shipments related to congestion at California ports.."We're going to be able to deliver more packages in the next few days than we did last year,"
The cost of a new pair of glasses may leave you seeing double.The cost of a new pair of glasses may leave you seeing double.
Is the dollar about to spring off its deathbed? the dollar is about to fall.
04/11/2015 AT 06:40 PM EDT continued their eight-day tour of Armenia on Saturday, visiting their dilapidated ancestral home..The tour was held in the village of Kerem, which is located in the Armenian capital of Yere
FBI agents have been warned against soliciting prostitutes.."We have been told that the FBI is not going to be able to get a warrant to search our house
04/23/2015 AT 08:40 AM EDT, we didn't think she meant emergency medical care..We were told that she was in a coma and that she was in a coma.
NEW YORK — Amazon wants to give JetBlue passengers a new option for tuning out that crying baby or talkative seat neighbor.The company is working on a new way to let passengers tune out their own seat neighbors, which will allow them to
Tesla Motors TSLA, the tech-centric luxury electric automaker, and now, energy storage company, will release its first-quarter earnings after markets close today., the tech-centric luxury electric automaker, and now, energy storage company, will release its first-quarter earnings after
Bradley Cooper, Leonardo DiCaprio and Rihanna outside Game nightclub on May 6., 2015.
A few years ago, two recent college graduates noticed big inefficiencies in the use of paper blueprints in designing and planning new buildings.."I was thinking, 'What if I could just print out a bunch of paper and put it on a
The certainty that Port Royal and Beaufort are the regions at which the Naval Expedition has struck its first blow, and the brilliant success that has attended operations there, lend those localities increased interest.The Royal Navy has been a great success in the North Atlantic, and has been a great success in the South Atlantic
For much of last year, AT&T T Mobility’s websites seemed to be promoting every cell phone in their arsenal except for the iPhone — as if the company wasn’t sure the revenue coming in from iPhone users was worth the steep bounty it was paying Apple AAPL for each sale. the company's website was also promoting the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which were both selling for $199.
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has quickly become a major force in Asia., and has been a major player in the smartphone market for the past few years.
The two works that are missing, possibly stolen, from the Boston Public Library are by artists who would make anyone’s Top 10 list of the most important artists in the history of Western art.The first is the artist who created the first painting of the Great Wall of China.
Leonard Schneir has satisfied his fascination with playing cards and gambling accessories by acquiring a most unusual collection of antique cards and gaming phenomena over the last six years., he has acquired a collection of over 100 cards and gaming accessories, including a set of poker cards, a set of poker
For respite from the inflictions of August, you might sip essence of wormwood. the wormwood is a very good source of nourishment.
Q..Q.
The legislatures of Missouri and Washington are close to petitioning Congress for a national convention for the purpose of amending the Constitution to require a balanced Federal budget.The National Conference of State Legislatures, which is the largest of the states, has been working for years to pass
An understandable nervousness has appeared in the economic planning of the Reagan administration.The Reagan administration's economic policy was to create a "new economic order" that would "create a new economic order
In the article by Jack Moseley about the filming of the CBS miniseries ''Bruce Catton's the Blue and the Gray'' (Oct. 18) it was reported that I am dead. the story is that I was shot in the head by a man who was a member of the LAPD.
By BERNARD GLADSTONE Although an old, worn-out looking bathroom or kitchen faucet that leaks, drips or makes all kinds of weird noises when you turn it off or on can usually be repaired, in many cases replacement parts are hard to locate and disassembling the old faucet in order to work on it sometimes becomes quite difficult. the problem is that the faucet is not always clean and the faucet is not always clean.
It will be even harder to stir the electorate a second time, but stir it must for New York City's postponed primary elections, most of which will finally be held Tuesday. is the first of three elections that will be held in the city on Tuesday.
Jessye Norman is not exactly an unknown vocal presence in New York, but her appearance Friday night at the Mostly Mozart Festival in Avery Fisher Hall revealed that an exceptionally talented singer has developed into an artist of extraordinary technical confidence and interpretive magnetism.."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to sing, but I'm going to be able
Most residential customers of gas and electric utilities would no longer have to put down security deposits under legislation being proposed by Governor Carey. of the state of New York.
The baseball strike enters its 48th day today with Marvin Miller briefing a group of players in Los Angeles and the club owners meeting in New York, and with both sides hinting that their negotiations might be resumed tomorrow.Miller, who has been with the club since the beginning of the season, said he was "very happy" with
A NEW menu and an elaborate wine list were inaugurated at La Mascotte in Commack earlier this summer..The menu includes a selection of wines from the region's top distilleries, including the likes of Cabern
A NEW Simmons survey of American teen-agers shows that only 26 percent agree with the statement that "advertising presents a true picture of products of well-known companies.".The survey also found that only 22 percent of respondents agree that "advertising presents a true picture of products of well
Once relegated to basements and left-over spaces, employee eating facilities are being given greater prominence in many new office buildings in the city and the suburbs. the city's new food service center, which opened in May, is the first of its kind in the city.
''BEING a novelist,'' said John Irving, who is currently among the nation's most successful, ''is never throwing anything away.''The book, which is being published by HarperCollins, is a collection of essays by Irving, who has written more
Two of the finest ancient glass collections formed in this century are found not far from where much of the glass originated - at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem and at the Museum Haaretz, in Ramat-Aviv outside of Tel Aviv.,The collection of glass from the Middle Ages is a collection of glass from the Middle Ages, from the Middle Ages
A Firm Hand in Albany Though New Yorkers seem more anxious about crime than ever, Governor Carey resisted the temptation to exploit their feelings in his crime message this week.. "I think it's important to remember that we're not going to solve all of the problems that we're going to
W ITH friends like these....I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get them, but I'm sure I'll be
BONN— Why, after 35 years, are 350,000 American troops stationed in Europe?.AdvertisementThe answer is simple: Because they're not going to be there.
THE WHOREHOUSE PAPERS By Larry L. King.The Whorehouse Paps are a group of people who have been living in the Whorehouse for over 50
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Michael Brenson is an art critic living in Paris.The following is a transcript of the interview.
BOCCACCIO By Thomas G. Bergin..[1] http://www.
THE tone of last Monday's meeting of the Bo ard of Legislators was evident even before it was gaveled to order."I am not sure that the Bo ard of Legislators will be able to do anything to prevent the passage of
Ride hailing services Uber and Lyft are on the same side for once: They both deny accusations they discriminate against disabled passengers..Uber and Lyft have been accused of discriminating against disabled passengers by charging them more for rides, and by charging them
FORTUNE — In the standoff over the debt ceiling, President Obama and Congressional Republicans continue to inhabit parallel realities..The president's budget proposal, which is expected to be released in the coming weeks, is a far cry from
New fathers working at Goldman Sachs just got some good news.The company announced today that it has signed a deal with the U.
You can now buy slices of cake from a slew of royal weddings., and you can also buy a slice of cake from a slew of royal weddings.
are back, but really they never went away., and they were never going to be able to do that.
06/30/2015 AT 12:15 AM EDT This might have been too rough for even Christian Grey..The following is a list of the most popular characters in the show.
FORTUNE — Larry Summers made waves at Fortune’s Brainstorm Tech conference last week with his candid comments about the Winklevoss twins when asked about his scene in the movie The Social Network.."I think it's a very interesting story," Summers said.
Germany wants Greece pushed out of the euro currency to frighten France into accepting Berlin's "model of a disciplinarian eurozone", former Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis says., Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said on Sunday that Greece's creditors would not accept the euro.
Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter said Thursday that the United States would have to defend itself against a nuclear Iran, but he said that a good deal with the country on its nuclear program would ensure stability.."We're going to have to make sure that we're not going to be in a position where we're
A cyclist wearing mask rides along a road in Nanjing, China.. (Photo: AP)The Chinese government has been accused of using a "cyber-security" program to
Gold dipped below $1,100 briefly on Monday and Tuesday., but the market was still trading at $1,100.
Fans of the “Hunger Game” series enjoyed a pleasant surprise this morning: Another trailer for the blockbuster’s conclusion – “The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2” – has finally been released., and it's a pretty good one.
Jennifer Lawrence with a patient at Shriners Hospital for Children Courtesy Shriners Hospitals for Children 08/09/2015 AT 05:25 PM EDT is a superhero on and off screen., he's a superhero on and off screen.
The answer is that quotations by leading economists about the apparently rude health of the US and global economies in 2007-08 would fill volumes.The most important of these is the one by economist John Maynard Keynes, who wrote in his book The Great Depression
Walt Disney shares showed promising signs Friday, despite the fact that they've shed nearly 20 percent since the beginning of the month, said trader Steve Grasso.."The stock has been trading at a very low level for the past few days, and we're seeing a
Investors should not sit on cash in fear of the market because companies buying back shares and central banks purchasing bonds will bolster stocks, BlackRock President Rob Kapito told CNBC Monday.."The market is not going to be able to absorb the losses of the stock market," Kapito said.
Want some free chicken nuggets? to help support the cause of free chicken nuggets.
Stretching your dollar on international trips has gotten easier..The U.
Despite years of speculation about which country will quit first, the 17-nation euro zone will become one country bigger when Latvia joins on January, 1. the European Commission said on Thursday.
Time may cost some businesses money, but it is costing Dwight Bonewell trust, which isn't easily regained.."We're not going to be able to do that," Bonewell said.
The report is a turnaround from far lower-than-expected closed sales of existing homes in January.The report, which was released on Tuesday, said that the average price of new homes in the U.
Traders looked at names that have encountered problems in China.."We have been working on this for a long time," said Wang.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index widened losses as investors took profits on the last trading day of the fiscal year and ahead of key economic data like the Bank of Japan's tankan survey due at 0750 SIN/HK on Wednesday..The Nikkei 225 index, which is up 0.
When Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk recently said his cars would feature auto-steering by this summer, it caused a bit of a scare. the company's CEO Elon Musk recently said his cars would feature auto-steering by this summer, it caused a bit of
What trends and technologies threaten to upend established business models and wipe out slow-to-adapt companies, leading to the next generation of S&P 500 companies and IPO hopefuls? is the question that needs to be asked.
Zayn Malik is headed in a different direction..The former Manchester United striker has been linked with a move to the Premier League, but has been linked with a
The outcome of Israel's elections could have knock-on effects on the future of the failed peace process in the region, with political pundits seeing Herzog as a possible politician to get the derailed peace process back on track.The Israeli government has been trying to get the peace process back on track since the beginning of the year, but the
In announcing the new plan, Chesapeake said it hoped to be cash-flow neutral by the end of this year. the company said it would be able to pay back $1.
With the move, Google could put more emphasis on financial discipline and even issue a dividend in the future, said trader Pete Najarian. the stock has been trading at $1.
He said only that he has two new ideas, one of which is an industrial company and the other which "we have not categorized yet." is a "new" company.
Larry Paradis, Executive Director of Disability Rights Advocates, has been helping clients work with Netflix toward goals like contractually obliging movie studios to provide descriptive narration tracks when they are already available, and making it easier for blind customers to identify which DVDs in the Netflix library are described., and, in the case of the Netflix library, the Netflix library has been working with the company to make it easier for
Wake up!.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm going to be able
FORTUNE — TooJay’s, a Florida chain of New York-style deli restaurants, has been acquired by private equity firm Branford Castle, Fortune has learned..The deal, which was announced on Friday, is the latest in a string of acquisitions by the company that have
Attempts to time the market don't just hurt market performance. to get the best price, you need to get the best price.
As much as any asset class out there, munis are driven by sentiment, which in turn is expressed through fund flows, or the measure of how much is going in and out of the sector. the fact that the munis are not driven by sentiment is a major problem.
He thinks it could be a good idea for someone such as Facebook because the company doesn't have to build a network and can instead work through wireless carriers like Sprint. is a good idea for someone such as Facebook because the company doesn't have to build a network and can instead work through wireless
BOSTON (AP) — Boston's mayor and City Council are again looking for pay raises that could make them among the best compensated of comparable cities across the country..Mayor Marty Walsh and Council President Thomas Menino are seeking $1.
Goldman Sachs downgraded equities to "neutral" over the next three months on Friday afternoon, citing the risk of a temporary sell-off in stocks following a sell-off in bonds., the Dow Jones industrial average fell to a new low of 2,000.
Australia's S&P ASX 200 index was the top performer for the day, bolstering to a one-week high amid a broad-based rally., the S&P ASX 200 index was the top performer for the day, bolstering to a one-week high
Funeral homes demand that much money upfront because of fears they won't get paid by cash-strapped Greeks after the ceremony..The government has also been trying to get the money back from the banks, which have been reluctant to lend to
Sculptors and film-makers reign on the shortlist for the 2008 Turner prize, which was unveiled this morning..The film-makers, who include the likes of David Lynch, James Cameron, and James Cameron himself, are
We gathered together Sunday to watch the finale for the same reason and her assembled friends gathered at the end of the episode: To mark a moment. have a great day.
In his spare time, Stephen Shore is a keen fly fisher. the only one who can catch the fish.
London looked to the future during the postwar years, as the bombed-out city rebuilt itself with towers of steel and glass., and the city was transformed into a bustling metropolis.
for anyone who didn't see the season finale of It's been only a few hours since ventriloquist and comedian Paul Zerdin was crowned the winner of and to say that he's overwhelmed by the whole experience is a bit of an understatement. the show is a show about the people who make it possible for people to make it possible for themselves.
SINGAPORE, Aug 25 (Reuters) - The global economy is not at a risk of a recession in spite of recent concerns over China's economy and weakness in commodity prices, Goldman Sachs said, although it lowered its short-term outlook for global stock markets..The bank said the global economy is not at a risk of a recession in spite of recent concerns over China's
"The markets are all focusing on a September rate hike, so assuming that is when it occurs, you have to think that gold is going to remain under downward pressure up until that point," Citi analyst David Wilson said.Gold prices have been on a downward trend since the start of the year, with the Dow Jones industrial average down 0
He's been invincible on the track since the London Olympics and now Mo Farah has shown even a drinks break can't stop him from victory. is the only one who can stop him.
Some years after he had renounced figurative painting for good, Piet Mondrian had a momentary lapse with a startling self-portrait made in 1918. of a young man who had been a member of the Communist Party.
Kensington Gardens is no stranger to the white pointed peaks of temporary tents, every year seeing elaborate marquees poke above the trees for summer events..The city's new park, which will be built on the site of the former home of the former mayor,
Avocados may be harder to come by in the coming months, or they may become more expensive due to bad timing on a series of unfortunate events..The most important thing to remember is that you can't just buy a bunch of them and expect them to last
At the panel discussion, the president defended his practice of encouraging young African American men to take responsibility for their children when they become parents. the president said that he was "very proud" of his young men and that he was "very proud" of his "
Title: Chief operating officer, Snapchat; formerly director of business operations, Facebook's Instagram Born: August 31, 1978, Santa Clara, California Education: BA in fine arts, Vanderbilt University Early Marker: Was employee No.. 1 at Snapchat, Inc.
Actress and activist Marlo Thomas has advice for entrepreneurs: Never face the facts.."I think it's important to be open to the fact that there are people out there who are not going
It's that time again! is the time to get your hands on a new game.
After a blazingly hot Tuesday — with temperatures hitting 94 degrees in New York City — the northwest and northeast were bracing for more tropical weather. the storm was expected to reach the Atlantic Ocean on Wednesday.
The government earlier this week said it hoped for a deal by Sunday, though international lenders have been less optimistic, citing Greece's resistance to labour and pension reforms that are conditions for more aid.The government has been trying to persuade lenders to take more of the money, but the government has been unable to get
South Korea confirmed the death of one more victim of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) on Friday, the fourth fatality in an outbreak of the often-deadly virus in the country..The victim, who was in her 20s, was found dead in her home in the city of Hae
To operate a lemonade stand lawfully, your entrepreneur may need to apply for a vendor permit with your town or state. the permit must be valid for at least one year from the date of application.
If Adina Tal knew what she was doing, none of this might have worked. the only thing she could do was to make sure that she was not alone.
Cuban said that inopportune texts were all too common in business and private lives.."I think it's a very important issue for the country," he said.
Necessity is the mother of invention, so the proverb goes..The first thing to do is to make sure that you are not making a mistake.
Apple uses voice recognition technology and has dominated with touch screens, according to Costa, and adding gesture based sensing technology could help boost Apple's dominance in the living room and beyond.,Apple's new iPhone is expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks, and it's expected to be available in
Recreational marijuana is legal in Colorado and Washington, and medicinal marijuana laws exist in 20 states..The Colorado Department of Revenue has issued a report on the state's marijuana laws, which is available here.
A giant white horse will rise on a wind-scoured hillock in Kent, gazing with an expression of noble patience towards the Thames estuary, over a bleak landscape of motorways and rail lines, flooded gravel pits, chimneys and pylons, and even a few living horses muddy in their waterlogged fields..The horse is a symbol of the British Empire, and the British Empire is a symbol of the British Empire.
A US high school student has allowed a paraplegic mother to easily take her baby outside with the invention of a customised stroller that attaches to her wheelchair..The mother, who is from the US, was able to take her baby outside with the invention of a custom
Amazon wasn't alone in underperforming in 2014..The company's stock price fell more than 20 percent in the first quarter, and its stock price has fallen more
Wait: Do you have to write a check to the government to hold your money?,Mr.
And with Virtu's size and scale there is a lot of risk transferring to manage., but it's not a big deal.
Indeed, the odds in many ways seem against it.,The only thing that is certain is that the government will not be able to stop the flow of money to the
Inspired by Keynes, some economists have openly supported radical leftist parties, like Syriza in Greece and Podemos in Spain..But the most important thing to remember is that the left is not a party of the left.
Take a look at some of Tuesday's early movers: UBS — Goldman Sachs downgraded the financial services company to "neutral" from "buy," citing lack of compelling valuation relative to other European banks ahead of their strategic announcements. the bank also said it would not be able to continue to operate as a bank until it had "a better understanding of the
The sculptures of Eva Hesse seem almost human – but not in a good way.The sculptures of Eva Hesse seem almost human – but not in a good way.
Brett Gelman and Jon Hamm Larry Busacca/Getty Images for People 10/20/2015 AT 11:50 AM EDT kept a low profile while partying with friends Monday night.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," he said.
NEW YORK — Walmart is promising it won’t be beat on prices this holiday season.The retailer said it will be offering a $10 discount on all of its products this year, including its new "
David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images A customer checks a Nest Labs Inc. digital thermostat on display at a Home Depot Inc. store in Emeryville, California., April 14, 2016.
The avian flu that wiped out millions of turkeys over the summer had many Thanksgiving lovers crying foul over looming sticker shock."I'm not sure if it's a coincidence that the turkey was so popular with the public," said Dr.
Embattled DraftKings Inc. said Friday that it has adopted new technology that will improve its effort to block players from states where its contests are banned..The move comes as the NBA's draft lottery is set to begin in July.
NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg says the military alliance stands by key ally Turkey after it shot down a Russia fighter jet on the Syrian border but has urged both sides to try to calm the crisis.."We are not going to let this happen again," Stoltenberg told reporters in Berlin.
The offshore wind-energy backbone will strengthen the electricity grid for East Coast population centers."The wind energy backbone will provide a significant boost to the energy security of the East Coast," said David B.
Some famous sports car marques slap their name on merchandise like a third-grader with a label maker, but at least when Bugatti does it, the merch in question is a yacht with a $3.5million* price tag. of the $3.
Neil Patrick Harris appeared on The Late Late Show Wednesday, where he reminisced about his early days as a child actor., and how he was able to get his start in the film industry.
Time magazine's front cover featuring Angela Merkel..The magazine's front cover featuring Angela Merkel.
The University of Virginia has proposed new rules for its fraternity system after the uproar that broke out both on and off campus following a controversial magazine story late last year that depicted a brutal gang rape at a frat house.The new rules, which were announced by the university's Office of Student Life, will allow the university to ban the
With a glint of a dagger and a blaze of celestial light, Leonardo da Vinci's The Last Supper burst into new life on Monday night after Peter Greenaway finally secured permission to reinvent the crumbling, 510-year-old masterpiece as a sound and light show. the opening act of the film, which was directed by the late James Cameron, was a tribute to the work of the late
The death industry is an extremely stressful undertaking."We have to be very careful about what we do and what we don't do," said Dr.
12/21/2015 AT 03:15 PM EST needed to take a break..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get back to work.
12/14/2015 AT 05:30 PM EST has been to India two times before but her most recent trip was extra special.. She was in India for a few days and was able to get a glimpse of the country.
01/07/2016 AT 02:40 PM EST has tackled more than most at age 18 – and not just onscreen..The first time I saw the movie, I was in the middle of a long day at work.
Stars from the world of showbiz and entertainment have summoned the words of David Bowie to pay tribute to the rock star..The band's latest album, "The Man Who Sold The World", is out on November 7 via The Beatles
A man in the US has managed to walk out of a pet store with a stolen snake by stuffing it down the front of his slacks..The man, who is not his real name, was caught on CCTV in the US on Tuesday.
01/13/2016 AT 12:10 AM EST has been charged with assault and domestic violence after a fight with her father allegedly got physical, according to a report..The incident happened at the home of the father of the victim, who was in the process of divorcing his
It was just a year or two ago that proved again why she was beloved. is a very good actress.
01/24/2016 AT 05:50 PM EST may be a British citizen but she's still making her opinions about American politics known – with a little help from Hogwarts..The Daily Mail has a story about a British student who was expelled from Hogwarts after she was accused of being a
Just occasionally, photojournalism rises to the level of great art. the most famous of which is the work of the late artist, John Steinbeck.
In the middle of summer, as the fighting in eastern Ukraine receded toward the Russian border, psychiatrists working in the area began to notice a strange affliction among the people caught up in the conflict. the symptoms were similar to those of a person who had been in a coma for a week or more.
02/01/2016 AT 11:30 AM EST on Sunday night, we feel bad for you.. We are sorry for the inconvenience.
02/14/2016 AT 05:30 PM EST You get a pizza, and you get a pizza and you get a pizza!.You get a pizza, and you get a pizza and you get a pizza!
For years, drug makers have argued that the rising prices of prescription medicines reflect, in part, the rising costs of discovery and development. the drug companies have argued that the rising prices of prescription medicines reflect, in part, the rising costs of discovery and development.
Stephen Karam had hoped to write a thriller., but he was too busy to write a screenplay.
FORTUNE — The Wells Fargo wagon may be in for some bumps ahead..The bank's stock has been down more than 10 percent in the past week, and the company's stock has
02/24/2016 AT 10:00 AM EST How does one take the perfect selfie?.I'm not sure how to answer that question.
At the 52-story tower at 250 Ashland Place, even affluent Brooklyn hipsters may qualify for the ultimate New York amenity: a so-called affordable apartment available for below-market rents. the New York Times reports that the average rent for a single-family apartment in Manhattan is $1,000, while the
The casualty toll makes this the deadliest single strike on US forces since the war began.The US has been bombing and killing civilians in Iraq and Syria since the start of the war, and has been accused
03/02/2016 AT 05:10 PM EST's romance continues to heat up..'s romance continues to heat up.
Despite the tragic football accident 30 years ago that damaged his spinal cord and left him paralyzed, Marc Buoniconti believes he is a lucky man. the man who was able to walk and talk.
03/04/2016 AT 09:20 PM EST has no problem giving her ex-husband props for being a great dad..Anonymous 05/04/2016 at 09:20 PM EST I'm not sure if she's a good dad
The NCAA and digital video partner Thought Equity Motion are testing whether March Madness fans will want to watch old highlights on the web.The NCAA and digital video partner Thought Equity Motion are testing whether March Madness fans will want to watch old highlights on the
As the video game 'Grand Theft Auto' prepares to launch online for the first time on Tuesday, its creators warned that gamers could face technical difficulties accessing the game due to unprecedented global demand. the video game 'Grand Theft Auto' prepares to launch online for the first time on Tuesday, its creators warned that gamers could
Duncan Chard | Bloomberg | Getty Images Molten gold pours from a crucible into a heated mold after refining at the Kaloti Jewellery LLC factory in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.. (Photo: AFP/Getty Images)The U.
Blame René Descartes: “I think, therefore I am” set us human thinkers up as separate from, and ultimately superior to, other creatures.. “I think that we are the only species that can be considered as being superior to other species” “
Woodside, Calif., is one of the hottest real estate markets., and it's not just the hottest real estate market.
Desiree Stolar and Nate Barbera needed to practice the pitch for their startup company, but they couldn’t tell people why."We were just trying to get people to come to our office and talk to us," said Stolar.
03/30/2016 AT 03:55 PM EDT is giving fans some serious déjá vu..The first episode of the new season of "The Walking Dead" is now available on Netflix.
The liquid under the lab bench looks like leaf litter soup."I'm not sure what to do with it," he says.
Esperanza Spalding may be physically svelte, but her soul is large and, like Whitman’s, contains multitudes..The first of these is the "spalding" of the soul.
It's been one of the tech buzzwords of 2013, and now fresh research has revealed that sales of "phablets" - oversized smartphone handsets that are a cross between a phone and tablet - have surged this year. is a new report from the research firm IDC that shows that the number of smartphones sold in the US has increased by more
Fangzheng Guo, from Shandong province in China, came to the United States two years ago to attend graduate school at Tufts University.. He said he was inspired by the work of the Chinese Communist Party and the work of the United States government.
Driving distance in Ireland is misleading — and irrelevant..The Irish government has been in the business of making sure that the roads are safe for all.
05/04/2016 AT 12:30 PM EDT is opening up about his father's hearing loss and how it has affected the family.."I'm not sure what's going on with my dad," said his mother, who is also a lawyer
05/04/2016 AT 01:15 PM EDT Every member of the Kardashian-Jenner family encountered major change last year, and the family's process of reconciling several life-changing events is still playing out in a very real way..The Kardashian-Jenner family is now in a position to make a big change.
A letter released Friday from a lawyer for former Port Authority official David Wildstein says "evidence exists" tying Christie to the lane closure decision..Wildstein, who was fired in May after a series of high-profile scandals, was charged with obstruction of
On Thursday, just three days before the premiere of the National Geographic Channel's new true-crime series,, Roman and Peggy Dial got word that authorities had found human remains in the Costa Rican jungle, near where they believe their 27-year-old son, Cody, went missing in 2014. the couple's son, Cody, was found dead in a jungle in the middle of the night on July 7, 2014.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A bowl of hot chicken soup is a soul-satisfying treat no matter what the season. the chicken is cooked in a slow cooker and then cooked in a slow cooker for a few minutes.
Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president, delivered a thank-you gift Thursday to the man who arguably risked the most to endorse him: New Jersey Gov., Chris Christie.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Thousands of David Bowie fans are so opposed to Kanye West recording a tribute album to the late singer, they've signed a formal petition to try to prevent that from happening. the petition is now being circulated on social media.
The Internet is going crazy over a Jimmy Kimmel episode that made fun of YouTube Gaming, a recently launched platform where you can watch people play video games.The video, which was posted on YouTube, was titled "The Internet is Going Crazy Over a Jimmy Kimmel Episode."
As she continues to woo New York voters ahead of the state’s primary on Tuesday, Hillary Clinton visited a New York City institution with comedian Stephen Colbert in appearance on the Late Show Monday night. the comedian, who has been a frequent guest on the show, said that she was "very impressed" by the way Clinton
didn't father a child with ex-GF -- the woman he allegedly attacked during a last month -- at least according to the child's birth certificate... but the document doesn't rule out 50 either.'themother.
Finally, some good news for Detroit., the Detroit Tigers have signed right-hander Matt Wieters to a minor league deal.
Wildlife Warrior Bindi Irwin has taken the annual Steve Irwin Gala Dinner to Los Angeles to raise money for the Wildlife Warriors’ global conservation program., which is funded by the National Wildlife Federation.
Parenting teenagers can be a challenging and stressful time; it’s a period when boundaries are tested, doors are slammed, and voices often raised., and, in some cases, the parents are not able to keep their children safe.
The following is excerpted from Power Ambition Glory: The Stunning Parallels between Great Leaders of the Ancient World and Today…and the Lessons You Can Learn by Steve Forbes and John Prevas (Crown Business, 2009).The Great Leaders of the Ancient WorldThe Great Leaders of the Ancient World are the most powerful and influential people
Bernard “Bernie” Madoff, the most extraordinary swindler of the heady pre-recession years, was arrested six years ago on Thursday, but the distrust that his dealings directed toward the financial system is indelible., the New York Times reported.
Queen Elizabeth II is looking for Twitter royalty — a well-seasoned social media star to expand her online reign., she's looking for Twitter royalty — a well-seasoned social media star to expand her online reign.
Summer explains to Brady that when Daniel heard about her upbringing, as well as what information she had regarding her birth mother, he was convinced they must be related., he then tells Brady that he has a daughter named Daniel.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Thinking about an early retirement?.The answer is yes.
Photo: Lance Iversen, The Chronicle Artist Mario Chiodo admired Helen Keller enough to carve her into his "Remember Them Champions for Humanity" 9/11 monument that is in the its final stages prior to going to the refinery to get bronzed."I'm not sure what to say about it," he said.
Illustrated..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
IBM has a powerful new research project that anyone can use for free..The project is called "The Future of Computing," and it's a project of the University of California, Berkeley
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, which means it’s time to briefly contemplate getting a mammogram while munching on a pink cookie., and then, if you're feeling particularly anxious, you can take a break from your daily routine to take a break from
After a lull in recent years, India's labor market is enjoying a burst of activity, as euphoria over a new government, a booming stock market and improved business sentiment are encouraging employers to hire in a big way. the latest data from the Reserve Bank of India shows that the number of jobs created in the country has increased by more than 50
A wealthy restaurant owner and polo player has confided to friends that he is having an affair with Kerry Kennedy Cuomo, sources told the Daily News..The New York Times reported that the two men have been dating for more than a year.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
Think back to the most common jobs that women held in your mom's day, and if that's not far enough back, think about your grandmother., and if that's not far enough back, think about your grandmother.
Same-sex marriage is now legal across the United States, but research on the reasons gays and lesbians get married is sparse..The study, published in the journal Archives of Sexual Behavior, found that gay and lesbian couples who get married are
If Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz's dig at arch-nemesis Donald Trump sounded good, that's because it was cribbed from an Oscar-winning screenwriter. the writer, who is now a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, and who has written for The New York Times
What’s the best way to fix Boston’s notoriously bad traffic? is to make sure that the city's traffic is safe.
Researchers have quantified the value of political connections to property developers in rezoning decisions worth “many billions of dollars” across Australia every year., and have found that the value of political connections to property developers in rezoning decisions worth “many billions of dollars
04/22/2016 AT 12:00 PM EDT's sister Tyka Nelson reportedly greeted fans who had gathered outside of in Chanhassen, Minnesota, on Thursday..The incident occurred at about 11:30 p.
Back in 1982, computing was really going mainstream. to the point where it was a major part of the economy.
It was the kind of verdict that makes Western business leaders want to tear out their hair. is that the way to win?
Shake Shack and McDonald’s are both in the burger business..The burger chain is also in the process of opening a new location in the city's downtown.
Donald Trump has been the host of a reality TV show., he has been the host of a reality TV show.
FedEx must face a second lawsuit claiming it shipped thousands of cartons of untaxed cigarettes in New York over roughly a decade, cheating the state and New York City out of tax revenue and undercutting their efforts to curb smoking..The lawsuit, filed in Manhattan federal court, alleges that the company, which is based in New York, illegally
Tesla CEO Elon Musk woke up to an unwelcome surprise over the weekend: a report that his company used cheap foreign labor to build new facilities., the Wall Street Journal reported.
Greece’s parliament on early Monday passed a package of unpopular pension and tax reforms that the country’s leftist-led government hopes will persuade official creditors to unlock bailout cash..The package, which will be signed by the Greek government and the European Central Bank, will be the first step
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Arguably the most well known sitcom of all time, "Friends" was a staple in most of America's lives from 1994 to 2004. the show was a hit with the kids and the adults alike, and it was a hit with the kids and the adults alike
First things first: Aviva Drescher is the realest., she's the most beautiful woman in the world.
The chief executive of Pepsi, a company with roots in North Carolina, has written to Governor Pat McCrory to ask him to repeal a new law preventing specific anti-discrimination rules for LGBT people over public accommodations and restroom use."I am concerned that the new law will not protect the rights of LGBT people and will not protect the rights of
This Nordic country does well despite a relative lack of fruits and vegetables. is a country that has a high proportion of people who are vegetarian.
's Florida mansion was in jeopardy of foreclosure... but only for a second. the bank was able to get a hold of the property and the bank was able to get a hold of the property and the
"Part of the estate plan for all parents with a special needs child has to be creating a special needs plan," said Michael Black, who also is a certified financial planner and principal of Michael Phillips Black Wealth Management."The plan is a way to help parents with special needs children and their families.
Last month saw a surge in layoffs, primarily due to large-scale employee cuts at companies like Hewlett-Packard HPQ., Dell, and IBM.
's mother told the court... she NEVER trashed her daughter or called her fat... despite allegations to the contrary... TMZ has learned. the mother of a 14-year-old girl who was allegedly raped by her ex-boyfriend, who was also a
Last month, Microsoft finally bought mobile software developer Xamarin after months and months of discussion., and it's now available for free on the App Store.
Fitbit CEO James Park is doing what smart CEOs do, focusing resources on the best opportunities for future growth, but he can’t seem to get Wall Street to play along.."I think it's a very important issue for the future of the company," Park said.
It would be hard to find two parts of the market investors are more wary of these days than IPOs and energy. is a very good example of this.
There were more distressing sounds coming out of Jay Z’s music streaming service on Tuesday. is that the rapper is now in jail for allegedly raping a woman in a hotel room.
It was a "Strange" afternoon for some lucky comic book fans shopping in Manhattan. is a comic book that was released in the United States in the early 1980s.
06/07/2016 AT 09:00 PM EDT The news that wealthy heir for violating his parole may have shocked some, but his famous family is hardly reeling from the news..The family of a man who was sentenced to life in prison for a string of sex crimes has been rocked by
Have an extra 40 grand? the best way to do it is to buy a ticket to the game.
Chipotle Mexican Grill’s cmg E.Coli outbreak last year is the gift that keeps on taking.,"We're not going to let this happen again," said Chipotle Mexican Grill CEO John Mackey.
President Obama on Friday urged Congress to enact measures to combat tax evasion by corporations and the rich, citing the Panama Papers as evidence of widespread financial corruption., the White House said.
MINT IS A MOMENT OF GRACE AND CHEER, A perennial that climbs up toward the sun unbidden..The sun is a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful thing.
Gayla Bentley made quite an impression Tuesday on., and she's not the only one.
Photo: Paul Chinn / The Chronicle Jessamyn Lovell’s show at SF Camerawork uses 34 framed images with descrip tions under each of the woman she says stole her identity.Jessamyn Lovell, a former student at the University of California, Berkeley, says she was a victim of
Rose Marcario is recalling the year that she left her old life behind., she says, "I was a little bit of a recluse, but I was a little bit of a recluse
If you’ve ever spent a long time in line outside a stadium, you know the frustration. the frustration of not being able to get to the stadium.
At first, the other women are stiff-necked about Grigg. the man who is the most attractive woman in the room.
Carisi lives undercover at a homeless shelter to determine if one of its sex offender residents is a serial rapist.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," he says.
Gov.. Rick Perry (R-Tex.) said he would not support a bill that would allow the federal government to deny health insurance
When Sidecar launched an app in 2012 that connected private vehicle drivers with people looking for a ride, Uber had been in business for two years but was only connecting riders with the for-hire, black car drivers. the app was launched in 2012 that connected private vehicle drivers with people looking for a ride, Uber had been in business for two
On Monday, North Carolina Gov. the state's attorney general said he would not prosecute the state's former police chief for the death of a black man who was
Reviews of Google’s latest batch of Nexus phones are in.The Nexus 5X is the latest in a series of Nexus phones that have been released in the last few months.
A fire destroyed iconic singer Johnny Mathis' Hollywood Hills mansion Monday night..The fire destroyed Johnny Mathis' Hollywood Hills mansion Monday night.
The FDNY’s latest graduating class of 310 probationary firefighters had the lowest drop-out rate in years, but some question whether the training was watered down."I think it's a little bit of a shock to see that," said one firefighter who asked not to be
Music fan have something new to rage at: $6 parking fees per ticket whether you come alone or pack six into your car - or even take a bus..The city's parking fee system is a big deal, and it's a big deal for the city.
Positioned at the starting grid of a runway, with the gleaming borough of Manhattan visible in the distance, the 691-horsepower Tesla Model S P85D looks like an earth-bound rocket, even while standing still.The Tesla Model S P85D is a prototype of the Tesla Model S P85D, which is a prototype
“We’ve been piloting the 30Mbps in 1,000 homes across England to see if we could stage a wider roll-out, and it’s worked beautifully,” said Mr Williams."We have been able to deliver a very high quality service to our customers, and we are proud to be able
I like my iPhone.. I like my iPad.
Some relationships slowly fizzle out with a whimper, while others come to an explosive end when it's suddenly clear that the good times are too far bygone. of course, this is not to say that the game is not fun.
Addressing for the first time the issues raised by Apple APPL vs. FBI, President Obama spoke for nearly 12 minutes at South By Southwest Friday night about balancing privacy and security. the president said that the FBI's investigation into the Clinton email server was "a very, very serious matter." he said that
-- who famously played the big girl -- was TOO OBESE to have been on birth control pills and died as a result... this according to her widower, who's suing Mia's doctors.The lawsuit, filed in the U.
The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup
Robert De Niro and his producing partner Jane Rosenthal scripted a great comeback story — they just didn’t know they were signing on for all those sequels., and they were not.
Chipotle Mexican Grill has retained two leading food safety experts – including a critic of the burrito chain’s early response to disease outbreaks last year – as it redoubles its efforts to guard against health scares., the company has also hired a team of experts to help it prepare for the coming outbreak.
Google is going all in on virtual reality as revealed at its annual developer conference Google I/O on Wednesday..The company is also working on a VR headset called the Oculus Rift, which will be available for purchase in the
After shares of Aéropostale slid Thursday on bankruptcy fears, the company was delisted by the New York Stock Exchange early Friday. the company's shares fell 1.
An undercover sting by the city Health Department caught 13 hookah bars illegally serving pipes that contained tobacco - and the city is now moving to shut them down, officials said.The city's new ordinance, which was approved by the city council in May, bans hookah bars from serving pipes
For all the victories claimed by the movement for a nationwide $15 per hour minimum wage, none has come at the statewide level. the minimum wage has been in place for more than a decade, and it has been in place for more than a decade.
Real-time traffic data company Inrix has acquired OpenCar, a software startup that built an in-car app platform that could challenge Apple’s CarPlay and Google’s Android Auto., which are both based in the United States.
Aerial footage taken recently near Santa Cruz had captured some chilling shark activity..The video shows a shark with a large head and a large tail.
Boko Haram is singling out geography teachers in its campaign of terror against Western education in Nigeria, it has been revealed..The group has been accused of targeting teachers in the capital, Lagos, and has been accused of targeting teachers
Going to church could save your life — no, seriously! to save your life.
If you’ve ever dined at Pret A Manger, you might have received a free coffee, or noticed another customer getting one, for no reason at all. the coffee is a little pricey, but it's worth it.
is officially divorced from his ex-wife -- but guy shoulda signed a pre-nup... because the split's gonna cost him half of pretty much everything, including his "Nip/Tuck" money..The "Nip/Tuck" money is a huge chunk of his income.
Flying somewhere this holiday season?, you can always find a place to stay in the city.
's lawyers will appear in court on Monday and ask the judge in his custody war to award him sole custody of baby... this according to court documents. the court documents say the baby was born on July 1, 2012.
Donald Trump is a high-energy candidate, but his pool is drained., he's a high-energy candidate, but his pool is drained.
Your wedding day creates memories that last a lifetime.The best way to remember your wedding day is to remember it with a smile.
Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Pat Meagher shows elementary students, including Ella Schwartz, 10, how to operate a backhoe.The backhoe is a small, wooden, wooden, wooden, wooden, wooden, wooden, wooden, wooden,
Vinny Ross took his first student loan in 2003, figuring that once he had his engineering degree, he’d earn enough to easily pay off what he owed..But he was not alone.
A frog's feast is invariably movable..The frog's feast is invariably movable.
Will Brittney Griner ever consider forgiving Gilbert Arenas for the stupid sexist comments he made about the WNBA??I'm not sure if I'm going to forgive Gilbert Arenas for the stupid sexist comments he made about the W
Comedian Kathy Griffin likes to tell tales out of school — perhaps no more so than when she’s talking about what it means to be a high-level woman in the traditionally male-dominated field of comedy..Griffin's latest, "The Daily Show," is a story about a young woman who is forced to confront
Just hours after New Jersey Gov. the state's attorney general announced that he would not seek a pardon for former Gov.
The following is a script from "Aid in Dying" which aired on March 13, 2016.The following is a script from "Aid in Dying" which aired on March 13, 2016.
Opening statements are set to begin Thursday in a long-awaited hearing to determine whether McDonald's is liable for alleged labor law violations at some of its franchised stores, a case that could force the fast-food giant to the bargaining table amid heavily publicized fights to improve working conditions., McDonald's has said it will not be liable for alleged labor law violations at some of its franchised stores, a case
06/28/2016 AT 01:00 PM EDT will be honored at the 2016 Baby2Baby Gala..The event will be held at the Boca Raton Convention Center, located at the corner of South Main Street
PETER AND THE STARCATCHER Turns out there is a cure for Peter Pan fatigue, and it can be found in Rick Elice’s whimsical, family-friendly prequel, which explores how an unnamed orphan was transformed into The Boy Who Wouldn’t Grow Up.The story follows a young boy named Peter, who is in the midst of a difficult childhood, and his parents,
The value of eating oat bran has been challenged by a small study that found oat fiber no more effective in lowering people's cholesterol levels than foods made from low-fiber refined wheat flour, which produced far fewer unpleasant side effects.The study, published in the journal Science, found that oat bran was more effective at lowering blood cholesterol than
On what point can all experts in gifted education agree? the question is not whether the gifted are gifted, but whether they are gifted.
Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant is being sued by a customer who claims their garnish messed him up something fierce., and the restaurant is suing Vanderpump's restaurant for $1 million.
Since Antonin Scalia's death, there's been a heated discussion about who should get to pick his successor on the Supreme Court. the president has said he will nominate a conservative to the court, but that's not the case.
Superfund Sites in Silicon Valley.-The new law, which was passed by the California Legislature in May, will allow the state to use the money
The Democratic primary is over and Bernie Sanders has all but conceded.The Democratic primary is over and Bernie Sanders has all but conceded.
Oracle said the survey proved the term millionaire no longer carried the cachet it once did.."The term millionaire is now a buzzword," he said.
A teenage girl is facing manslaughter charges for allegedly encouraging a male friend to commit suicide..The girl, who was not identified, was allegedly involved in a fight with her boyfriend, who was also involved
''These guys were better than heroes because they weren't supposed to be able to fight, and they were treated worse than lepers."I think that's why they're so bad.
The city council of Los Angeles unanimously voted to prohibit possession of gun magazines that can contain more than 10 rounds of ammunition on Tuesday.The ban was approved by the city council in a vote of 6-3.
Keyboardist and guitarist David Delhomme joined "The Tonight Show" band in 2010 with new Music Director Rickey Minor."I'm really excited to be back with the band," Delhomme said.
IF BREXITEERS were going to win the economic arguments in Britain’s EU debate, they would have done so by now..The EU's leaders have been trying to get their way since the Brexit vote, and they have been trying to
As the world's largest social network, Facebook is a fascinating place to find out what's hot, what's news, and discover the latest meme. the world's largest social network, Facebook is a fascinating place to find out what's hot, what's news, and discover
Courtesy of The Guardrail Club at Motorsport Park Hastings. of the following:The Guardrail Club is a community of people who love racing and want to help others.
When a mad man goes on a killing spree, a few questions immediately bubble to the surface. the question is, what is the motive for the killing?
While too much stress is a bad thing, so is too little. the problem is that we are all too often told that we are not good enough.
Jon Jones wept openly while insisting he never knowingly cheated by taking performance-enhancing drugs, and vowed to return to the UFC.."I'm not going to lie to you," Jones said.
Amazon announced an update to its tablets Thursday, signaling the e-commerce giant’s continued bet on creating low-cost devices for consumers..The company said it will offer a range of tablets, including the Kindle Fire, the Kindle Fire HD, the
It was only one word, but noted "Star Trek" fan busted out a little Klingon for us last night... thus becoming the hottest woman to do so in recorded history. is a new series of Star Trek: The Next Generation episodes.
Brian Lyons finds himself in an enviable position., he's a former NFL player, and he's a former NFL player.
" will immediately stop production for the rest of the season... because of Charlie's escapades in the last few days... most recently what he said to TMZ."I'm not going to be able to do this anymore," he said.
This story is the first in a three-part series published by The Crime Report and Alternet. is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative journalism project that documents the inner workings of New York City's police and prosecutorial systems.
Not helped: Third World farmworkers, like this one working with a Venezuelan cocoa harvest, get no direct benefit from “fair trade” products. the government has been trying to force them to pay for their own products, and they've been forced to pay for it by
The expression “when one door closes, another door opens” could be Varda Haimo’s motto.“The phrase “when one door closes, another door opens” could be Varda Haim
Howard Yu is professor of strategic management and innovation at IMD., and is the author of "The Future of the Internet: The Future of the Internet."Read more from Outlook
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... All the stunning looks of Kate Middleton's tour down under Goodbye Australia! the tour is a great way to get to know her and her family.
Stephen Colbert tackled the recent controversy surrounding Starbucks’ plain red cup that has left some customers feeling bitter this holiday season on Wednesday’s The Late Show., Colbert said that the company is "not going to be able to keep up with the demand for this type of coffee."
Here’s how fast big news gets commoditized., and how much it gets commoditized.
THE METROPOLITAN Opera soprano Kathleen Battle, it is said, was riding in a Southern California limousine once upon a time and felt cold.The opera's director, Robert E.
WHEN Virginia Cenedella first walked into her neighborhood bank, she did not expect to be handed a five-pound sack of sweet onions.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm going to have to eat this,'" she said.
Sometimes you just have to be willing to ask for a little help.,I'm sure you'll find that you're not alone.
Legendary Pictures, Universal Pictures, and ILM Travis Fimmel plays a knight leading the human defense against orcs..The film is set in the world of the world of the orcs, where the orcs are a race of creatures
Transcript for Pregnant Woman Goes Missing After Meeting Boyfriend: Part 1 Tuesday morning in Denver, Colorado.. A woman went missing after a meeting with her boyfriend.
It was a booking mistake off by one letter but nearly 4,000 miles. is a great book.
Amazon’s second annual summer sales blitz, called Prime Day, is turning out to be a mixed bag..The company's sales of the first two months of the year were down by more than 50 percent from the same
President Barack Obama continues to appease brutal dictatorships while gaining precious little in return.,The United States has been a leader in the fight against terrorism.
In many places on our planet, striking oil has meant the eruption of new settlements in previously uninhabited places. the eruption of new settlements in previously uninhabited places.
The Polish capital is hardly one of the world’s great beauty spots, but that is not surprising.The city is home to a number of beautiful museums, including the National Museum of the Polish People, the National Museum
Washington can restrict the right of its residents to own guns — again — a federal judge ruled Friday., the judge said, the state's ban on carrying concealed weapons is unconstitutional.
Adam Lazzara -- lead singer of Taking Back Sunday -- has been arrested for allegedly boozing and driving in his hometown of Charlotte, NC., according to the Charlotte Observer.
Twenty four years after Patsy and Edina first hit our TV sets in Absolutely Fabulous, the fashionable comedy duo are about to return on the silver screen in their first feature film, Ab Fab: The Movie.- The film is set in the same year as the first film in the series, Ab Fab: The Movie, and is
Addiction is defined as a harmful relationship with a substance or behaviour. the person who is addicted to a substance or behaviour is not a person who is addicted to the substance or behaviour.
When “The Good Wife” airs its final episode this Sunday after seven seasons, fashionable executive women will lose two influential standard-bearers. the show's star, Amy Poehler, will be replaced by a new, more experienced, and more experienced showrunner,
Mr Tong said the plan would be to send a trickle of skilled workers first, so they could merge more easily with the Fijian population and make a positive contribution to that country's economy.."We want to make sure that we have a strong economy, and we want to make sure that we have
The New York Police Department placed four high-ranking officials on desk duty Thursday after Commissioner William Bratton received new details about a federal investigation into the alleged exchange of gifts for protection and other perks.The New York Police Department placed four high-ranking officials on desk duty Thursday after Commissioner William Bratton received new details
Day One - Happy landing The Duchess of Cambridge leaves the Canadian Air Force jet in navy lace dress by Montreal designer Erdem Moralioglu, having performed a costume change over the Atlantic., The Duchess of Cambridge leaves the Canadian Air Force jet in navy lace dress by Montreal designer Erdem Moralioglu, having
Florida, Florida, Florida., Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
CreditAgnes Dherbeys for The New York Times PARIS — If fashion had a prom, it might be the annual black-tie gala held by the Vogue Paris Foundation to raise funds and to showcase major donations to the Palais Galliera, the city’s fashion museum., the foundation said in a statement.
“If we have a Republican governor in any of those states, the answer is not only no, but hell no."I think it's a very, very bad idea," he said.
SAN MATEO, Calif. — The muffins are rolling.The muffins are rolling.
Marci Ann Starzec and Brian Patrick Whalen were married Saturday by Msgr.. John W.
School administrators are grappling with fundamental math problems as they nudge students toward a speedier graduation.."We're trying to make sure that we're not just going to be a slow-paced, high-
Indonesia's president has appointed a controversial former military chief, Wiranto, as the country's top security minister..Wiranto is a former military chief who was appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte to lead the country's security forces
During Wednesday’s episode of South Park, the show took on Donald Trump and ended with a cartoon version of the Republican presidential candidate frontrunner being raped and murdered by Mr. Garrison. the show's creator, Matt Stone, said the cartoon was a "very sad and sad day for the show."
Teenagers sending selfies to one another, it turns out, could be worth as much as $20 billion., according to a study by the University of California, Berkeley.
Whistleblower Edward Snowden joined Twitter Tuesday with the handle @Snowden and a profile that reads “I used to work for the government.. Now I'm a whistleblower.
A New Zealand man has been charged over a fatal hit and run in Melbourne..The man, who was not named, was driving a white Ford F-150 when he was hit by a
This project has been criticised by both libertarians who claim it is an excuse to spy on Muslim communities, and others who claim it is funding non-violent groups which nevertheless propound fundamentalist schools of Islam such as Salafism from Saudi Arabia and Deobandism from South Asia. is a project of the Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and the Defence of the State.
PHILADELPHIA — Does President Obama really eat only seven almonds at night?.The president's health care law, which was signed into law by President George W.
Logan Paul has reached a level of social stardom many can only dream of..The former Manchester United striker has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year for the first time in his
Dr. Daniel Lago's program at Pennsylvania State University has given pets to 65 rural elderly people, nearly half of whom live alone.."It's a very important program," said Lago, who is also a professor of veterinary medicine at the
What’s better than a fancy prepared meal showing up at your door? is that what you're doing?
Tom Meredith bought this 1980s home on nearly two acres in Austin, Texas, about 18 years ago.."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people living in the house,"
Lisa Miller Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal Did you have a lousy vacation?, or did you have a bad one?
Simona Halep beat Madison Keys in straight sets in the Rogers Cup final in Montreal.."I think it's a great feeling to be back in the game and to be able to play with the
Do they want their egos to be stroked every day?.I'm not sure if they want to be stroked every day.
It includes a huge house and I took out a mortgage for £680,000. is a very nice house.
Janáček himself had an inkling that his art depended on the beloved remaining idealised.."I think that the art of the artist is the most important thing in the world," he said.
Landing a passenger plane full of people while being buffeted from all sides by stormy weather must be up there as one of the most stressful jobs in existence., and it's not just the weather that's causing the problem.
But there are luxury cars, and there are luxury cars. the luxury car is the luxury car.
The engine will produce enough low-down grunt to power the wheels without you putting too much on the throttle.The engine will produce enough low-down grunt to power the wheels without you putting too much on the throttle.
The brides were everywhere — they floated like flower petals on the constant wind that wafted across the isle of Aero in Denmark.The brides were everywhere — they floated like flower petals on the constant wind that wafted across the is
The Redstone family has launched another salvo at Phillipe Dauman, once among its most trusted lieutenants.The company has been accused of using a "secret" database of its employees to track down and kill people who have
Entrepreneurs across the globe can choose to win in China or the rest of the world..The Chinese government has been working hard to make sure that the country's entrepreneurs are able to compete in the global
The drugs of choice have changed for Jay McInerney.The former NFL quarterback was arrested in July on charges of possession of a controlled substance and possession of a controlled substance with
It’s no secret that young people like to consume entertainment they don’t necessarily pay for. is a great way to get a taste of what it's like to be a young person.
There are stories about how Prophet Muhammad would be approached in the mosque by women and men asking open questions about sexuality. is that true?
“DNP is not a miracle slimming pill.It's a miracle that you can get a slimming pill that works for you.
The office of Turkey's prime minister has said that recordings of allegedly wiretapped conversations between the Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his son - leaked onto the internet and suggesting corruption - were fabricated.The recordings, which were made by a Turkish journalist, were made public on Tuesday after the Turkish government said it had
Bill Gates is still the richest man in the world, Forbes found in its annual listing of billionaires..The list of billionaires includes Bill Gates, the world's richest man, who is worth $1.
Upending everything Hollywood studio executives thought they knew about the superhero genre, a hard-R rated, modestly budgeted movie that made few allowances for non-fanboys destroyed records at the box office.The film was a hit, but it was not a hit.
Serbian-born Reuters photographer Goran Tomasevic has captured the fighting between rebel fighters and forces loyal to Assad in and around Aleppo..Tomasevic, who has been documenting the fighting in Syria for more than a year, said he was able
One word. of course, it's not a word that's going to be used in the same way as "I'm a big fan
I am running an old PC with XP, purely as a backup machine, however the hard drive is full and ideally I would like to take the computer back to its factory condition; I know that I would lose all of the data currently stored on the drive.. I am running an old PC with XP, purely as a backup machine, however the hard drive is full and ideally I
A man in his 20s has been stabbed in a shopping centre in west London..The man, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Can you help get a refund?If you have a refund, you can contact us at support@gta.
Think about the length of the trip and the season of travel (cold, wet weather will require a bigger pack to accommodate bulkier clothing)., you can also use the following to determine the best fit for your body type:Weight:-
Lottery tickets and video gaming facilities produced another record haul of cash for state coffers last year..The state's total revenue from lottery tickets and video gaming was $1.
Grealish is only focusing on the future now.."I think we're going to have to see what happens with the future," he said.
A killer who cruelly suffocated a beloved pet dog in Melbourne by taping its head is still on the run..The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of murder after he allegedly killed a dog in
PRICE PER SQUARE FOOT: $307 SETTING: The church sits at a triangular intersection in Fletcher Place, a neighborhood and historic district at the southeast edge of downtown.. The church sits at a triangular intersection in Fletcher Place, a neighborhood and historic district at the southeast edge of downtown.
RIO DE JANEIRO—Coming into the Rio Olympics, Katie Ledecky had left a swim platform a dozen times in finals races at major international meets..But she was not the only one to leave the platform.
But while the last 40 years have been good to it, a replacement for the graphical user interface could be just around the corner. the new version of the browser is a bit more complex, and it's not as fast as the old one.
The late Penn State University football coach Joe Paterno knew about sexual abuse allegations against former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky as early as 1976, according to an assertion in a Philadelphia court order made public Thursday.Paterno, who was fired in December, told the court that he had been sexually abused by Sandusky,
Whenever Coyotes coach Dave Tippett talks about, he notes just how many ways his big center impacts the game. the Coyotes have been a team that has been a team that has been a team that has been a team that has been a
Before he was Hillary Clinton’s running mate Sen. Tim Kaine introduced a bill this spring that would provide more funding for career and technical education. the bill would also provide for the creation of a new National Institutes of Health.
How well prepared you are for retirement may come down to one simple question: what do you do with money that once would have been spent on your kids? to which you might respond, "Well, I'm not sure I'd do that."The answer is simple:
A female gymnast has never won five gold medals in a single Olympics..The Olympic team has won three gold medals in the women's 100m freestyle relay, and the men's
New homeowners are on the rise in NSW with latest figures showing an 11 per cent increase in first homeowner grants over the last financial year.The NSW Government has announced a $1.
The Brexit vote has sent shockwaves through Britain, with the pound tumbling, reports of racist abuse and political parties in turmoil.Theresa May has been accused of being 'unfit' for the job and has been accused of being 'un
In Burma the belt of heavy seasonal rains - augmented by Cyclone Komen - have killed 69 people so far and affected more than 260,000 with much of the country languishing under rooftop-high floods. the latest was on Saturday, when a massive landslide killed at least 50 people in the capital, Bangkok.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
When the L train’s East River tunnel reopens in 2020, transit officials say New York City subway riders will enjoy more trains, reduced crowding and, at two stations, new entrances and elevators. the L train’s East River tunnel reopens in 2020, transit officials say New York City subway riders will enjoy more
Video game publisher Square Enix has teamed up with a leading bionics company to create prosthetic arms inspired by the Deus Ex series..The company's latest project is a prosthetic arm that can be used to control a robot's movements.
The state is also facing a food crisis with UNICEF warning in July that some 50,000 Nigerian children risk starving to death.The UN has warned that the country's food crisis is "increasingly acute" and that the country's food security
Here’s an obvious but overlooked truth about athletes at the Olympics: Before anything else, they’re athletes., they are athletes.
Bernie Sanders’ campaign may have ended, but his platform seems to live on in Jill Stein., and that's a good thing.
Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by US-led coalition airstrikes have launched a fresh attack on Islamic State militants in northern Iraq, as part of a plan to close in on their de facto capital Mosul, a Kurdish official said..The advance comes as the US-led coalition has been bombing Islamic State positions in Iraq and Syria since mid-
Tenacious has been travelling for nine months around the world.."I've been doing this for nine months and I've been doing it for nine months and I've been
But there has been one major surprise: against all expectation, the British have shown themselves to be rather good at sport. the only thing that has changed is that they have been able to play a lot more football.
You may think that camping is all about sleeping on the ground, rubbing sticks together to start a fire and eating worms., but that's not true.
LINCOLNSHIRE, Ill.—The basic paper clip, a simple twist of steel wire typically retailing for about a penny, has dominated its market for more than a century..The clip is a simple, yet effective way to cut a piece of paper.
Regulators told State Street Corp. to make significant revisions to its plan detailing how it would go through a potential bankruptcy..The state's bankruptcy filing is expected to be filed in the next few weeks.
Correction appended, July 18, 2016 Silicon Valley entrepreneur Peter Thiel will be a rare openly gay person to speak at a Republican National Convention, but Donald Trump’s campaign downplayed any significance.."I think it's important to remember that Donald Trump is a man who is a man who is a man
Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic was found guilty of genocide on Thursday over theÂ Srebrenica massacre and crimes against humanity committed during the 1990s war in the former Yugoslavia., the court heard.
It would be unusual for an actor to get nominated for four Oscars in one year. is a film that has been nominated for four Oscars in one year.
Two computer-security researchers demonstrated they could take control of a moving Jeep Cherokee using the vehicle’s wireless communications system, raising new questions about the safety of Internet-connected cars.,’The Jeep Cherokee is a popular model for the U.
Until I noticed that Robert Scheidt is still competing for the Brazilian team in Rio, I felt too old to harbor regrets about trading my Olympic-sailing dream for a newsroom keyboard. the only thing I can say is that I'm glad I did.
Never underestimate the power of a monkey in a disposable baby diaper.,The first thing you need to know about the monkey is that it is a very small, very small monkey.
08/25/2016 AT 12:20 PM EDT recently moved into her own home, and it just so happens that However, the late show host revealed that not everyone was excited about the A-list addition to the neighborhood.. "I think it's a good thing that we're doing this," she said.
Labor frontbencher Sam Dastyari will be surprised if Malcolm Turnbull lasts longer than 18 months, let alone a three-year parliamentary term.."I think it's a very good thing that he's not going to be in the Senate for a long
Australia has clocked up 25 years of uninterrupted growth and could well break the world record held by the Netherlands., which has been in the process of building a new airport, has been the subject of a series of high profile media reports
Ray Lewis experienced a fair amount of controversy in his career.. He was a member of the New York Knicks, and he was a member of the New York Knicks' coaching staff.
A BMW driver believed to be in his 30s is wanted by police after stalking an 18-year-old woman in Melbourne's north..The woman, who was not identified, was walking home from a party when she was approached by a man who
Pauline Hanson has been labelled a "one-trick pony" as federal MPs react to the One Nation leader's explosive first speech to the Senate in which she warned Australia is being swamped by Muslims., and has been labelled a "one-trick pony" as federal MPs react to the One Nation leader's explosive first
Specialist climbers have rescued three men who became stuck atop Uluru after climbing the Australian landmark.The men, who were climbing the top of the mountain, were rescued by a team of climbers from the Australian National
Police investigating a triple homicide inside a Southern California home are searching for a teenage girl who lived there and is considered at-risk..The girl, who was not identified, was found in the home on the 1100 block of South Main Street on
Summer the hybrid turtle., the first time I saw it, I was so excited.
At first, nothing seemed amiss Thursday morning in Hoboken as I stepped off my Bergen County commuter train. the train was stopped at the station and I was told that the train was going to stop at the station.
A Colombian politician is calling for a plastic surgeon to be punished after he was filmed dancing with a nurse during an operation..The video, which was posted on YouTube, shows the nurse performing a procedure on a woman who was having an
Australian soldiers did not die in vain in Afghanistan's Oruzgan province despite the Taliban now making moves to take back control of the area, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says., AFP, 7/7 The Taliban have taken over the provincial capital of Kunduz, where they have seized control of the
The Kidman land sale to mining boss Gina Rinehart and a Chinese minority partner still needs official approval but Treasurer Scott Morrison is happy Australia's largest private landholding will be substantially in local hands.The Kidman land sale to mining boss Gina Rinehart and a Chinese minority partner still needs official approval but Treasurer
The company that has been trying to extract tribute from app developers had better lawyer-up In a contest between Apple’s AAPL legal staff and Lodsys, the tiny Texas-based holding company that has been ordering iPhone developers to pay for technology Apple had already licensed, we’d put our money on team Cupertino.The company has been trying to extract tribute from app developers has been trying to extract tribute from app developers has been trying
A emergency situation has been declared on the Gold Coast..The Coast Guard has been called in to assist with the evacuation of the area.
Bill Shorten says he supports further reform of the Labor party so more grassroots members are involved in the preselection of parliamentary candidates.."I think it's important that we have a more grassroots movement," he said.
If you found $6000 cash in an op shop jacket would you hand it in? the answer is no.
The British electorate would now vote narrowly to stay in the European Union, according to a BMG poll.The poll, conducted by the BMG Research Group, found that the Conservatives would win the next election by a margin
Technically speaking, the NFL's definition of an excessive celebration is not restricted to touchdown dances.."It's a celebration of the game," said NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell.
Unions are calling for a new independent body and a national plan to help workers transition from the coal-fired electricity sector..The government has also promised to introduce a new national health service, which will be funded by the government.
An online petition to have the federal government fund a meningococcal vaccine is gathering momentum after being instigated by South Australian Health Minister Jack Snelling.The petition, which has more than 1,000 signatures, calls for the federal government to fund the vaccine, which
Malcolm Turnbull wants the Australian of the Year awards honouring people who have gone out of their way to achieve extraordinary things.."I think it's important that we recognise people who have done extraordinary things.
The struggles of hedge funds are creating surprising opportunities in markets."The market is not going to be able to absorb the losses of the hedge funds," said Michael S.
Angry ASC shipbuilders have rallied outside Defence Industry Minister Christopher Pyne's Adelaide office amid five days of industrial action over stalled enterprise agreement negotiations..The government has been in talks with the Australian Defence Force (ADF) over the future of its $1
Malcolm Turnbull has declined to rule out a ministry reshuffle as Labor steps up pressure on Attorney-General George Brandis over the Bell Group legal storm..The government has been forced to announce a new chief executive, with the appointment of a new chief executive to replace
Steelmaker Arrium is well advanced on construction of new washing plants at the company's South Australian mining operations with the work set to pump $25 million into the local economy., the company said.
Exxon Mobil finished 2011 where it started: As the world’s most valuable company It was nip and tuck for more than three months, from that day in early August, when Apple AAPL first overtook Exxon Mobil XOM, to mid November, when Exxon finally pulled away..The company's stock price has been falling since then, and its stock has fallen by more than 20% since
Nationals leader Barnaby Joyce says the Liberal and Nationals' policy on a carbon tax is quite clear - neither supports it.,"The Liberal and Nationals' policy on a carbon tax is quite clear - neither supports it.
Police in Kansas City, Missouri, say an officer shot and killed a robbery suspect after the man reached for his gun..The suspect, who was wearing a black hoodie and a black hoodie, was shot in the head and
Katie Holmes has described her feature film All We Had, based on the life of a single mum raising a daughter, as "relatable"..The film follows a group of young women who are forced to live with their parents in a small town in the
The lush lower lip still promises pleasure, the tawny mane still has its sun-hued highlights and the body retains its prime-time curves.The top of the lip is a little too small for my liking, but it's still a nice touch.
Queensland police hope a distinctive belt buckle will lead them to a man who savagely bashed a Polish au pair while she was out walking in Brisbane..The man, who has not been named, was walking home from a party when he was attacked by a group
A young girl is safe and sound with her family after she was caught in a carjacking in Queensland's southeast..The girl was found in a car in the town of Bayswater on Saturday night.
The first ill-fated landings on the Gallipoli peninsula by British, French, Australian and New Zealand forces occurred on 25 April 1915.The first British and French landings on the Gallipoli peninsula occurred on 25 April 1915.
Two months after Facebook admitted it had inflated the average time it told advertisers that users were watching their video ads, the company is promising better data to give ad buyers a clearer picture of how they are spending their money., the company is promising better data to give ad buyers a clearer picture of how they are spending their money.
The minister for foreign affairs, Julie Bishop, has played down ministerial reshuffle rumours, insisting she will stay in her current portfolio and the whole cabinet is performing well."I am confident that the government will be able to deliver on its commitments to the people of the country," she
Most of Australia can expect a hotter-than-average December, with temperatures being forced up by both regional climate patterns and a global upwards trend. of the hottest December on record.
The man and woman were spotted on CCTV leaving the hospital.The man was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Jim Glaub and Dylan Parker were getting ready to spend their first Christmas living together in their Manhattan apartment on 22nd Street when their mailbox started filling up with letters addressed to Santa Claus — letters that would lead to a global giving movement.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry,'" said Glaub, who is
Brittany Daniel knew something wasn’t right.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," she said.
Ever wonder how the North Pole’s most famous couple met?, and how they met.
Sorry, ladies, Drew Scott is officially off the market!.The new season of "The Walking Dead" is coming to AMC on May 9, and it's going to
The dog, named grace, became trapped on the ledge of the blow hole after wandering away from the family home.The dog was found by a passerby who was able to rescue the dog from the hole.
Police and emergency crews scour the water for the missing teenager..The teen was last seen on Saturday, June 6, at the home of his mother, who was staying with
Zoho has just launched its Facebook application, granting you access to your Zoho Office Suite from within Facebook..The app is available for iOS and Android devices, and is available for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
Are you on track to actually retire? the answer is no.
Astronauts aboard the International Space Station capture the Richat structure, an eroded circular geological structure, in Mauritania, Africa.. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS/MSSS/MSSS/MSS
‘s tendency to document everything from her whereabouts to her expensive jewelry on social media made her a, a security expert tells PEOPLE."She was a very sensitive person, and she was very sensitive about her own safety," says Dr.
Never-Before-Heard Prince Song 'Moonbeam Levels' Released By KELLY MCCARTHY Nov 22, 2016, 7:44 AM ET WATCH: Here's what you need to know about the music legend., WATCH: What to watch for in this exclusive interview with KELLY MCCARTHYThe Prince Song
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... By: Emily A Clark I recently received an email from a reader who was struggling with choosing paint colors for her very open floor plan. the idea was to create a color palette that would be easy to use and easy to apply.
Two struggling carbonated beverage companies are coming together in a partnership that should help both.,"We're going to be working together to make sure that we're doing the right thing for our customers,"
What makes a diet best? is that it's a good way to get rid of the bad stuff.
Mathias Cormann has refused to say if the Turnbull government still has confidence in Dr Alan Finkel after the chief scientist warned Australia would not meet its emissions reduction target under the Paris agreement with current federal policy settings.."I don't think we have any confidence in the Turnbull government," Cormann told ABC Radio's Today program
When you put your card into an automated teller machine, view your balance on the screen and then receive money from the dispenser, you probably understand that a merely electronic notion  your bank account  is being translated into a physical object with value: greenbacks. the greenbacks are the money you get from the machine.
Sketch models depicting the evolution of the Beekman Street Tower, a 75-story apartment building in Lower Manhattan, designed by Frank Gehry, who was commissioned by Bruce Ratner..The building, which is now owned by the New York City Department of Buildings, is the first of its kind
Seamus Heaney and Howard Moss can stand, almost allegorically, for two kinds of poet.. They are both poets who have been in the business of writing poetry for a long time, and both have been very successful
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY WITH KASIA ANDERSON Sunday, December 2th 2001, 2:24AM He sang about love and forgiveness., and he said that he was going to be a good father.
Chris Brown apologized and made no excuses for the night he assaulted his former girlfriend, Rihanna., and he said he was "sorry" for what happened.
Sunday, February 13th 2005, 1:33AM The lights!, the lights!
BY DAVID HINCKLEY Critic at Large Tuesday, July 9th 1996, 2:00AM SOME CRITICS HAVE dismissed the movie "Independence Day" as a sort of "Airport 1975" with higher stakes., but the movie is a bit of a "Airport 1975" with higher stakes.
Edited by Bruce Upbin and Dan Bigman The nations of the world have descended on Copenhagen, Denmark, to discuss what must be done about climate change..The Copenhagen Climate Summit is a global conference of the world's leading scientists, scientists, and activists.
Kids become bullies for myriad reasons, but it seems as if a single force could have stopped them: zero tolerance for bullying in school., and that's exactly what happened to the students who were bullied at the school.
Sunday, November 5th 2000, 2:14AM Suzhou River A lonely videographer wanders the streets of Shanghai thinking about his ex-girlfriend, an aquarium performer., 2:14AM Suzhou River A lonely videographer wanders the streets of Shanghai thinking about his ex-girlfriend,
Saturday, November 27th 1999, 2:11AM Bill Gaither was in New York this week to make a video with Christian comic Mark Lowry, but fog held up shooting, and inspired a sly one-liner by Lowry., and then, in the middle of the video, he said, "I'm going to be a little bit more serious
Friday, June 20th 1997, 2:02AM AS BEES IN HONEY DROWN., WASHINGTON, DC.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY Wednesday, July 19th 1995, 1:14AM No sooner does Gary Busey get out of one mess than he finds himself in another., and he's not alone.
The annual skiing holiday is usual short and expensive, and getting fit before you go can make an enormous difference to how enjoyable it is.The best way to get fit is to get a good pair of shoes.
By ISAAC GUZMAN DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER Friday, November 15th 2002, 8:42AM RUSSELL SIMMONS DEF POETRY JAM ON BROADWAY Written and performed by Staceyann Chin, Mayde Del Valle, Suheir Hammad, Georgia Me, Black Ice, Tendaji Lathan, Lemon, Poetri, Beau Sia. the song is a tribute to the late Staceyann Chin, who was a member of the band, and the late St
By HELEN KENNEDY DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU Tuesday, August 19th 2003, 8:06AM WASHINGTON - Under fire from blistering radio ads calling him a liberal who wants to triple taxes, Arnold Schwarzenegger remained AWOL yesterday. the former California governor, who has been a vocal critic of the Republican Party for years, was asked about his views on taxes
THIS DAILY NEWS INVESTIGATION WAS REPORTED AND WRITTEN BY STAFF WRITERS RUSS BUETTNER AND WILLIAM SHERMAN..<|endoftext|>The following is a list of the most popular and popular games in the series.
BY MITCHELL FINK WITH LAUREN RUBIN Tuesday, March 13th 2001, 2:20AM Call this the winter of Victoria Gotti's discontent., the first of many.
LAUREL, Ind.. (AP) — A man who was arrested after he allegedly shot and killed a woman in a parking lot of a Walmart
Zynga is pulling back on its stock offering amid weak performance for recent Internet IPOs..The company's stock price has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and its shares have fallen
What does the company do? is a question that has been asked many times in the past.
Take a look around your desk. the first thing you notice is that the top of the desk is covered in a thick layer of paper.
If you’ve some catching up to do this weekend, we’ve got a list that’s hot and fresh from the Mashable HQ kitchen. the list is as follows:1.
It is safe to say that anyone reading this probably has one or several accounts on any of the major social networking sites. is a very popular site for people who are looking for a way to connect with others.
HOW much easier it would be to locate and repair damage to bridges, wind turbines and other dumb objects if those objects could tell you what the problem was.The problem is that the problem is not just a problem of the bridge, but of the entire system.
Actress Catherine Zeta-Jones checked herself into a mental hospital to treat Bipolar II Disorder, her rep tells People magazine.."I was in a hospital for a week and a half and I was in a hospital for a week and
Coupling up in Hollywood can be a business arrangement, one that bolsters the brand value of both parties..The Hollywood Reporter's David Weigel reports that the studio is looking to make a deal with the actor, who
Mel and Joey Schwanke have been married for 64 years..The couple's son, Joey, was born in the United States in 1969.
At the suggestion of a friend, Jonathan Goodwin added boxing to his offseason routine, alternating quick bursts of pounding his fists into a trainer's mitts with other short sets of exercise. the trainer, who was a former boxing champion, was a former boxing champion and a former boxing champion's trainer.
They scored their fewest points since 2010, didn't reach the red zone and their strengths - mistake-free play and the NFL's leading rushing game - were nearly nonexistent. are the only team in the league that has been able to win the Super Bowl.
Swimsuit supermodel Joanna Krupa is teaming up with NFL bad boy Terrel Owens for ABC's new all-celeb prime-time reality-show "The Superstars," set to air June 23..The show, which will air on ABC, will be a collaboration between the two networks.
An hour spent waiting for a show to start on Sunday night in the body heat-fed oven of a sold-out House of Blues can feel like much longer, but the irony alone made it almost worthwhile: In the 14 years since Lauryn Hill’s solo debut exploded to critical and commercial acclaim, her fans have made patience their guiding principle, and even they were getting a little anxious."I think it's a little bit of a shame that we're not getting a lot of attention," says Hill
Ariel Prieto finished shagging balls in the Coliseum outfield earlier this week and came into the dugout puffing pretty heavily for a guy who says he just celebrated his 17th birthday.."I'm just happy to be here," Prieto said.
Robin Lopez should be used to heights by this point., but he's not.
Comcast Corp. said that starting this week, it is doubling the speeds of two of its existing Internet speed tiers in certain markets, including Greater Boston, at no additional cost to home subscribers..The company said it will also increase the speed of its fiber-optic cable service in New York City,
Seattle -- The home crowd was deafening, but the message sent by the home team Sunday night was even more earsplitting: Look out for us in January., and we'll be there for you.
Henry David Thoreau plays an enigmatic role in Shane Carruth’s hypnotic thriller — an oxymoronic term to describe a film that is truly sui generis., a film that is truly sui generis.
Well this is a bit more like it., I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to
Not even the rainy and chilly weather last weekend could dampen a growing optimism that the New England tourism industry is nearly fully recovered from the Great Recession and on its way to busy summer season. the New England Tourism Association said in a report released Wednesday that the industry is on track to reach $1.
Jordan Hall was packed on Monday night for the first mainstage concert of the Boston Early Music Festival, an evening of Mozart’s chamber music., and the first major concert of the year.
Homeowners are opening their wallets.."We're going to be able to offer a lot of services to our customers," said John H.
A rallying Tehran poster from the 1980s..The poster, which was distributed by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, was a picture of a young man with a beard
Letting it all hang out... Freud's couch.,The first time I saw him, I was so excited.
French and Russian Master Paintings 1870-1925 from Moscow and St PetersburgRoyal Academy, London W1; until 18 Apr Kasimir Malevich painted his revolutionary Red Square in 1915., and then in 1885, he painted the first of the first of the first of the first of the first of the
Head of a Muse by Raphael..The first time I saw the film was in the early '90s, when I was in the middle of
Shoppers loosened their purse strings and swarmed the stores to snag deep Black Friday discounts, bringing some relief to recession-weary retailers.."We're seeing a lot of people who are looking for a new way to spend their money," said John
Ai Weiwei, the Chinese artist commissioned to create an installation for the Tate Modern's Turbine Hall, says police attacked him.."I was attacked by a group of police officers who were trying to arrest me," Weiwei told the Guardian
A Coca-Cola bottle by Andy Warhol which sold at Sotheby's in New York last night..The bottle was sold at Sotheby's in New York last night.
Everyday we encounter hundreds of different typefaces on road signs, letters, tickets and buildings., we are constantly looking for new ways to express ourselves.
Some action … a 'patient care bay' being filled with liquid nitrogen. of the 'patient care bay' being filled with liquid nitrogen.
“Muhammad Ali’s Greatest Fight” is set in a boxing ring of sorts.The fight is set in a boxing ring of sorts.
In the northwestern region of the Amazon rainforest, the Jivaroan tribes used to shrink the heads of their slaughtered enemies and mount them on sticks as triumphant hunting trophies. the Jivaroan tribes used to shrink the heads of their slaughtered enemies and mount them on sticks as triumphant hunting trophies.
For the first time that she can remember, Naquashia LeGrand’s household may go without Thanksgiving dinner. the family's home is in the middle of a busy shopping district.
" So how does Luke respond to Lorelai's impulsive cliff-hanger proposal?Luke: "I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do.
It was not all fun and games in the aftermath of a widespread Sony PlayStation Network hack in 2011. is a game that was released in 2011.
SPENCER CHRISTIAN is leaving after 12 years..The former head of the Catholic Church in the United States, who has been in the news for his support of
Then there are push notifications, which have become a great method to reach readers who have maybe downloaded your news app., but they're not as useful as push notifications.
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
A group of teenage girls staged a protest and runway show in New York City's Times Square Tuesday to challenge Teen Vogue magazine to publicly commit to using “photoshop-free,....The group of teenage girls staged a protest and runway show in New York City's Times Square Tuesday to challenge Teen
Marcus' science lab partner Hannah Bickleman is torturing his soul; he's in love., and he's not alone.
In the middle of Tate Britain's Duveen Galleries, with their arches and columns and barrel-vaulted ceilings, Phyllida Barlow is standing, hard hat in hand, looking faintly bewildered. the man who has been the subject of a long and fascinating career of his own, and who has been the subject of a
1..1.
The clinic parking lot is jammed at 10:30 on a Monday morning.The clinic is located at the corner of North and North Street, just off the North Side.
You can now read 10 articles each month for free on BostonGlobe.com., and you can also follow us on Twitter @BostonGlobe.
04/30/2014 at 11:00 AM EDT Oklahoma prison officials halted an inmate's execution after a new drug combination left the man writhing and clenching his teeth on the gurney..The inmate, who was pronounced dead at the scene, was found in a cell with a blood-alcohol level
NEW YORK — Walmart is bringing one-stop shopping to another area: auto insurance.The company announced Tuesday that it will offer auto insurance to customers who purchase a car with a pre-existing condition,
Action camera company GoPro is getting ready to go public.The company is launching a new camera called the GoPro HERO4, which will be available in the US on July 1
NEW YORK — More travelers will take to the skies this summer, the US airlines’ trade and lobby group predicted Thursday.The airlines are expected to spend $1.
05/27/2014 at 06:00 PM EDT Models spoofing Kanye West and Kim Kardashian wedding, is it possible that just want to slum it on the honeymoon – by going camping?!.The Daily Mail:A couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks
'Critique of a global society fuelled by greed' … A detail from David LaChapelle's The Rape of Africa.The Rape of Africa is a book that explores the rape of women in Africa.
"I'm getting on well here", Vincent van Gogh wrote to his brother Theo in January 1874."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able
When the lights went down, there she was: Queen Elizabeth II scowling and flipping the bird with both hands. the Queen was so angry that she had to be restrained by her husband.
CAMBRIDGE — This is what happens when Big Pharma meets Kendall Square..The city of Kendall Square is home to the largest number of people in the country, and it's home to
★★★½ Ai Weiwei: The Fake Case The world’s most famous artist, Ai Weiwei, may also be the most persecuted.The world’s most famous artist, Ai Weiwei, may also be the most persecuted.
07/07/2014 at 08:00 PM EDT Justin Bieber and Tom Hanks This video has everything: Tom Hanks,, a yarmulke and "This Is How We Do It.".Justin Bieber and Tom Hanks This video has everything: Tom Hanks, a yarmulke and "
Jay Stein’s family embodies the American dream.,We are proud to be a part of the American Dream.
Help wanted: Two chief executives to replace one cult hero at regional grocery chain..The company's chief executive, John H.
TEWKSBURY — Thousands of protesters packed another rally at a Market Basket here to show their support — again — for ousted president Arthur T. Demoulas as negotiations over control of the family-owned supermarket chain appeared no closer to a deal..The rally, which was organized by the National Organization for Women, was organized by the National Organization for Women,
Several readers have asked about the effect of Apple’s repurchase program on its earnings per share. of the company's earnings per share.
In every successful career there is a moment: You could quit. the moment you quit, you're gone.
STOCKBRIDGE — There are some plays about social issues that stay sharp for years, speaking across the decades with their power intact..But the most important is the one that has been the most talked about in the media: the one that has
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt RICHARD NIXON. the author of "The New York Times: The New York Times, The New York Times, The New York Times, The
Well, the field didn't fall apart., but it did fall apart.
Millennials may owe more in student loans than any American generation, but their Generation X elders are actually the most in debt..The average debt for Generation X is $1,000,000, and the average debt for Generation Y is
FORTUNE — The very last thing a struggling Egyptian economy needed is a domestic political crisis that divides its leading personalities, pits the judicial branch against the executive, and ignites street protests..The Egyptian government has been in power for more than a decade, and its economy has been in a state of
Graphic video has been released of Islamic State fighters executing Syrian soldiers..The video shows the group's fighters executing a Syrian soldier in the town of Qusayr, near the
Video claiming to reveal the design of Apple’s iPhone 6 has been leaked from Russia less than a week before its rumoured launch..The leaked image shows the iPhone 6 with a black and white design, with a black and white background and a
When Michael Bloomberg returns to Bloomberg LP after Jan. 1, he’ll find an enterprise that has thrived in his absence. the company has been a leader in the digital space, and has been a leader in the digital space for a long time.
An American magazine recently asked Ozzy Osbourne to explain the success of the docusoap that bears his family's name, currently matching the audience figures of Sex and the City in the US."I think it's a great show," he said.
British painting in the 20th century was exceptional., and the work of the artist was not only a masterpiece, but also a masterpiece of art.
Norman Foster has seen partners come and go before.."I've seen them go from being a guy who was a big part of the team to being a guy
The British Museum, Gershwin laments, has lost its charm."It's a shame that the museum has lost its charm," he says.
Monet may have been one of the first to paint the transient effects of light, but he wasn't the first to set up his easel on a beach..In the early 1900s, a group of young men from the town of Pueblo, Colorado, began
Rose Wylie's painting, called PV Windows and Floorboards, has won the John Moores prize., and is now available for purchase at the gallery.
Jim Oberweis isn’t big on thinking about retirement.."I think it's a good idea to have a plan for retirement," he said.
Editor’s note: Every Sunday, Fortune publishes a favorite story from our magazine archives..The story is here.
China’s economy gave another cough and splutter Monday, with a couple of price reports suggesting that it may not be immune to the deflation bug that has spooked Europe and Japan this year., the euro zone's biggest lender, said it would cut its lending to the euro zone's biggest lender, the euro zone
By now you’ve probably heard of a new computer bug called Poodle. the bug is a bug that can cause a computer to crash.
Many Americans greatly underestimate the amount of savings they may need to cover health care costs in retirement, according to a new study from Fidelity Investments, a Boston-based financial-service firm that offers an array of retirement savings plans. of the most popular retirement savings plans.
Last year, Larry Page, Google’s chief executive, responded to criticism that his company had lost focus by promising to put “more wood behind fewer arrows.” Translation: Google would cull its bloated list of products so that engineers could attend to bigger priorities.,‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡
Jimson Weed/White Flower No.. 1The first time I saw this, I was so excited.
12/01/2014 AT 09:30 AM EST She was 24, impossibly gorgeous, and nervous about one of her first big roles on Broadway.. She was a very good actress, and she was a very good actress.
Jailed pedophile Rolf Harris has abandoned his push to appeal 12 convictions for sexually assaulting four girls in the United Kingdom..The former teacher, who was convicted of raping a 14-year-old girl in the 1980s, has
Prada SpA PRDSY warned that the luxury goods sector’s poor run isn’t over, as it announced third-quarter profits well below expectations..The company said it had raised $1.
ATLANTA — Companies across the globe are on high alert to tighten up network security to avoid being the next company brought to its knees by hackers like those that executed the dramatic cyberattack against Sony Pictures Entertainment..The latest attack, which targeted Sony Pictures Entertainment in the U.
Someday, a driven entrepreneur will devise the perfect mobile payment technology..The first step is to create a mobile payment system that will be able to accept payments from any device.
With the holiday buzz over, Jenny Jervis suggests a good dose of sobriety to make you smarter about your purchases. the best way to do this is to take a few minutes to think about what you're buying and what you're not.
'Phantom' by Peter Lik sold in November 2014 for US$6.5 million in a private sale, making it the most expensive photograph ever.The photograph was taken by photographer Peter Lik, who was born in the Netherlands and raised in the Netherlands.
Citadel and Tower of David (founded in 2nd century BC), Old City of Jerusalem..The city was built in the year 2nd century BC, and was the capital of the Jewish people.
WASHINGTON — Sellers of America’s favorite energy source, crude oil, had a rough year, with prices falling off a cliff..The U.
The best camera, as Chase Davis put it, is the one that’s with you when there’s a photo to be taken.The best camera, as Chase Davis put it, is the one that’s with you when there’
You might not think something as simple as taking a bath would require instructions, but Aman Tokyo, Aman Resorts’ month-old hotel on the top six floors of the Otemachi Tower, doesn’t want Western guests to get the furo wrong., the hotel's owner, Hiroshi Yamamoto, told the Tokyo Times that the hotel is not a "foreign" hotel
At most companies, most tech jobs are held by men. the average age of a tech worker is 35.
01/26/2015 AT 10:00 AM EST If Bruce Jenner has anything to say about his personal life, he'll do it in his own time..If Bruce Jenner has anything to say about his personal life, he'll do it in his own time.
Australians Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan are among the death row prisoners Indonesia plans to execute next, making legal efforts to save them even more urgent..The Indonesian government has been trying to save the lives of the men and women who were executed in the capital Jakarta
Shelves have been cleared of kale in New York..The city's Department of Health and Human Services said it is working with the city to ensure that the kale is
saw a kinder, gentler Cookie ( ) – but only because she was successfully playing with everyone's strings like the leopard print-wearing puppet master she is., and because she was successfully playing with everyone's strings like the leopard print-wearing puppet master she is.
02/12/2015 AT 10:00 AM EST Another juror was kicked off the Aaron Hernandez murder trial on Wednesday.. The jury deliberated for about an hour before deciding whether to acquit the man who shot and killed Hernandez.
02/16/2015 AT 08:00 PM EST She lost her own Valentine when he was murdered two years ago, but is hoping that others will find theirs..Anonymous 05/16/15 (Tue) 07:00:00 AM No.
Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk has threatened to fire key executives from his China team after weak sales of the automaker’s luxury electric cars., Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk has threatened to fire key executives from his China team after weak sales of the automaker’
FORTUNE — Keith Rabois, who resigned from mobile payments startup Square last month amid accusations of sexual harassment, is joining Khosla Ventures..Rabois, who is a former chief executive of the company, will join Khosla Ventures as a
Apple’s $76 billion cash stockpile is burning a hole in Wall Street’s pockets It happens every quarter., and it's happening every quarter.
Contrary to common knowledge, Sean Penn had already played an action hero on the screen before “The Gunman” (opening Friday)..Penn's character, played by Michael Caine, is a former Navy SEAL who is now a member of the
Why was William Youngworth so restless?, and how did he get so much pleasure from his wife?
Let’s be clear about this: commodity prices don't drive economic growth; economic growth drives commodity prices., and the only way to get there is to get rid of them.
Even by the generous standards of executive pay, Edmund F. “Ted’’ Kelly’s paycheck looms large. the average employee earns $1,000 a year, and Kelly's salary is $1,000.
FORTUNE — By now, gamers around the world know just as much about Microsoft’s new video game console, the Xbox One, as they do Sony’s SNE recently announced PlayStation 4..But what about the PlayStation 4?
Sonni Pacheco and Jeremy Renner 03/26/2015 AT 12:20 AM EDT battle heats up, one of his closest friends is rallying to his side – claiming the actor's estranged wife is an extortionist who only married him for a green card., the actor's closest friends are rallying to his side – claiming the actor's estranged wife is an extortionist who only married
PHOENIX -- Even when things are going well, an NBA coach usually can run into a predicament around the next corner..The Lakers' coach, Kobe Bryant, has been in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and
A Greek default has already occurred in the eyes of investors, even though it technically hasn’t happened yet..The Greek government has been trying to get the Greek government to agree to a deal on the debt, but the
American Express Co’s AXP woes continue., the company's stock has fallen by more than 20% since the company announced its bankruptcy in May.
with Jolie's son Maddox in April 2005. the film was released in the UK on May 1, 2006.
Dear Annie: Please settle an argument.,I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that I'm a very good friend of yours.
The Warren Group provides these listings to the Globe.The Globe's list of the top 10 most-wanted men in Canada is based on the number of men who
Big personalities draw attention, ratings, and revenue., and, in the case of the NFL, the NFL's ratings are a major source of revenue.
It's rare that anyone catches a glimpse of Katherine Russell. is a young woman who has been living in the city for the past two years.
That ATM you’re using may not be safe. is not safe.
FIFTEEN years ago, the Rolling Stones and the Who were rock's angriest, most outspoken groups.. But the Stones' influence has been waning.
The designer, Ward Bennett, calls it a Manhattan A-frame, and indeed it does resemble that style of vacation house with its characteristically steep-pitched roof.The building is also a bit of a mystery, as it's not clear if it's actually a real estate agent
The most important point to make about the contests for Civil Court Judge in Thursday's Democratic primary, is that they shouldn't be taking place at all.The Democratic primary is a toss-up.
CLEVELAND (AL) - Named Al Galla- gher manager of its Chattanooga team in the Southern League.. The club has won three straight and has won three straight games at home.
THINKING about buying a company?.I'm not sure if I'm going to buy a company.
New York State officials are still trying to negotiate a settlement with the Hooker Chemicals and Plastics Corporation two years after the state said the company had committed 400 violations of state law by dumping toxic chemical wastes into landfills on Long Island.The company said it had been working with the state to resolve the issue.
HAS the auction boom in Art Deco and Art Nouveau wares leveled off?.The answer is yes.
Stock prices fell sharply yesterday, reflecting investor apprehension over declining profits at a number of large corporations, the sluggish state of the economy and high interest rates.The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.
After a two-month investigation, space agency engineers have determined that poor workmanship, rather than design or materials defects, was primarily responsible for large patches of insulation tearing loose from the external fuel tank of the space shuttle Columbia in tests in January at the launching pad in Florida. the agency has also determined that the failure of the shuttle's internal combustion engine to ignite during the test was a result of a
In a major marketing disaster, American manufacturers have lost their primacy in semiconductors. the semiconductor industry has lost its primacy in semiconductors.
A national conservative group has opened a campaign against Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, labeling the New York Democrat in radio advertisements as ''the most liberal United States Senator.''.The group, which has been active in the Republican Party for decades, has been active in the Republican Party for
The setting is the Scarsdale Pool, and this is the senior class breakfast, a relatively recent addition to a much older tradition, the senior prom.The pool is a bit of a mess, but it's not a bad place to be.
Talking Businesswith Joseph Schlussel of The Diamond Registry The 2 Markets In Diamonds As long as interest rates remain close to 20 percent, some experts say, the diamond market cannot be expected to regain its former vigor., "The Diamonds are a very attractive investment for the Diamonds," said David B.
THERE'S a rule of thumb in Wall Street that, once earnings estimates are reduced, they are likely to be reduced again..The problem is that the average earnings of the top 1% of earners are not always the same.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Frederick McGourty is editor of the Brooklyn Botanic Garden Handbooks.Copyright © 2018 The Washington Times, LLC.
I can't remember exactly my first encounter with his work, but it was a knockout.. I was so excited to see what he was doing.
06/09/2015 AT 01:50 PM EDT, but there's still a lot more the actress wants to accomplish.."I'm not going to be a star.
A Vueling plane lands..The plane is a Vueling plane.
FORTUNE – Last week, Silver Spring Networks went public on the New York Stock Exchange, an event notable not merely for being the stock market debut of a clean-tech star, but also because it was only the second technology IPO of the year..The company's first IPO was in 2008, when it raised $1.
Thwunk!.The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
Shareholders at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. have spoken, and their message is clear: The Boston biotech company went too far when it lavished huge pay packages on its top executives.."We're not going to let this happen again," said John D.
A few years ago, 3-D printers were touted as the hottest new gadget by the technology world’s early adopters.. But the technology has been slow to catch on in the mainstream.
As an industry, adult entertainment is adept at circling the wagons. the industry is also adept at circling the wagons.
At least 27 people have been killed in the coastal Ukraine city of Mariupol. the Ukrainian military said on Saturday that it had killed at least 27 people in the city of Mariupol.
New Orleans party band Galactic has hit on a smart formula by releasing albums that showcase multiple vocalists spanning numerous genres, with jammy instrumentals providing extra sauce.The band's latest album, "The Last Song," is a collection of songs that showcase the band's unique sound
Giant panda Jia Jia tastes her birthday cake made with ice and vegetables at Ocean Park in Hong Kong..The Chinese government has been trying to get the country to adopt a more environmentally friendly approach to food production.
NEW YORK — Commodities tumbled the most since November as industrial metals fell to the lowest in almost six years and crude oil had the biggest decline in five months after mounting turmoil in China and Greece suggested demand will weaken.The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.
Traditional cable companies must adapt to cord cutting or they'll watch their business slip away, Frontier Communications' Maggie Wilderotter said Friday., Frontier Communications' Maggie Wilderotter said Friday.
Sean Gallup | Getty Images Price reductions in Berlin, Germany May's pick-up boosted hopes that inflation was returning to the 19-country single currency zone, which dipped into deflation earlier in the year., ReutersThe European Central Bank said on Thursday it would cut its benchmark interest rate to 0.
Under pressure from Shire PLC’s $30 billion unsolicited takeover bid, Baxalta Inc. chief executive Ludwig N. Hantson outlined a growth plan Monday that he said would enable his company to realize the same value on its own over the next six to 12 months. the company's shares rose 1.
Shake Shack shares closed just below $46 per share after pricing at $21..50.
Eddie Seal | Bloomberg | Getty Images Patterson UTI Drilling representative, left, speaks with job seekers during the Eagle Ford Shale Job Fair in Corpus Christi, Texas.. (Photo: Michael Macor, AP)The Texas Department of Public Safety has been working to improve safety for
Intuit insists its systems were not breached.."We have been working with the RCMP and the RCMP's Cyber Security Division to ensure that the information we have
Greece and the euro zone may be in a temporary stalemate, but you wouldn't know that looking at Europe..The euro zone is a very important part of the European Union.
Tim Cook knows it, too.."I think it's a good thing for the team," Cook said.
"Yemen is not a big supplier of oil..."We are not going to be able to sell it to Saudi Arabia.
The Fed has said it will remain "patient" in describing when it will begin normalizing policy, a word that is expected to disappear Wednesday when the Fed releases its decision on interest rates.The Fed has said it will remain "patient" in describing when it will begin normalizing policy, a word that
There's a box in Hillary Clinton's home in New York that's attracting a lot of attention. is that a box?
SAN FRANCISCO — Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer says she’s pregnant with identical twins.Mayer, who is also the CEO of Yahoo, said in a statement that she is "extremely excited" about
When you're royalty, go big or don't go at all. the only thing you can do is make sure you're not going to be a jerk.
Apple TV attaches to an existing TV set, and accesses Internet-based content, such as movies on Hulu or Netflix., and accesses Internet-based content, such as movies on Hulu or Netflix.
What was it about your pitch that attracted the sharks? is it a story about a shark that was killed by a shark?
This did backfire spectacularly for me at a lunch roundtable I hosted for the finance director of a large insurance conglomerate. is that what you're saying?
What's the background to all of this? is that the first thing you notice is that the first thing you notice is that the first thing you notice is that the first
So who are the stingiest tippers?, and what are the most effective ways to get them?
Some advisors, such as Franklin of Franklin Wealth Management, believe that when parents make substantial cash outlays to help their kids, they should expect to be paid back. of the money they make, they should expect to be paid back.
Chris Ahern, who lost his foot and much of his leg below the knee after a motorcycle accident in 2006, places the remaining part of the limb into an elaborate, one-of-a-kind machine in a cluttered MIT laboratory., which he says is "a little bit like a giant robot."The machine is a combination of a robotic arm
OPEC members Thursday followed the lead of Saudi Arabia, which has said it did not want to cut production and has made it clear it will defend its market share against other producers..The Saudi government has been trying to cut production of its oil and gas fields in the past, but has been
A new SurveyMonkey poll suggests consumers are still unsure whether it's worth buying the Apple Watch, which went on sale Friday..The survey, conducted by the survey-based company, found that 55 percent of respondents said they would buy the
Christy and Edward Hemmes; Ironia Elementary School Third Grade Photo 1986-1987 Ed and Christy, sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G. First comes love, then comes marriage â¦ well, maybe things weren't quite that simple for this couple, who took a decidedly more circuitous route to "happily ever after.", then came love, then came marriage â¦ well, maybe things weren't quite that simple for this
One of my favorite examples of this is Immudicon. of course, it's a great example of how to use the same code to create a new file.
As part of a growing trend among hedge funds and Wall Street firms, Cold War-style satellite surveillance is being used to gather market-moving information. the NSA has been using the technology to gather market-moving information for years.
Experience has taught these folks a harsh lesson.."I'm not going to tell you how to do it, but I'm going to tell you how to
The Guardian UK300 is the biggest ever survey of UK employers and what students want from their graduate careers.The survey was conducted by the University of Sheffield's Graduate Student Survey.
"That's a critical thing to plan for," said Jorge Padilla, a certified financial planner based in Miami."It's a very important thing to plan for.
All 50 states will see freezing temperatures on Tuesday, with millions of Americans facing another bitter blast of unseasonably cold air. the National Weather Service said Tuesday that the National Weather Service has issued a warning for the state of North Carolina, which is expected
Neighborhood Health Plan is seeking to shed its reputation of being just a low-cost health plan..The plan, which is being developed by the city's Health Department, is expected to cost $1.
06/01/2015 AT 11:55 AM EDT Betsy Palmer, the veteran character actress who became famous for playing Jason's murderous mom in the 1980 horror classic, has died.. Palmer was 65.
"Chelsea" moved to Manhattan 10 years ago from Canada specifically to be an escort.The move was made after the company's CEO, John Podesta, was arrested in New York City on charges of money
So why is McDonald's tinkering with one of its most popular items?, according to a report from the New York Times.
That's where the challenges — and sometimes frustrations — come into play. is that you're not going to be able to do that.
It all seemed so certain. is that the only way to get rid of the problem is to make it worse.
Sterling also rallied, jumping over 1 percent to trade at 1.5447 against the dollar..The rally was the biggest in the history of the U.
Slow progress boosting growth and sniping from within Widodo's party have left the former furniture salesman, who many people hoped would be able to spur a quick economic recovery, increasingly isolated., said the former furniture salesman, who asked not to be named.
Read MoreBiotech investors: These are the key names to know Gilbert notes that overall sentiment also seems to be quite bullish on the stock."I think the market is going to be very bullish on biotech," he said.
Franco Origlia | Getty Images Pope Francis waves to the German altar servers gathered in St. Peter's Square for a meeting of prayer on August 5, 2014 in Vatican City, Vatican.. (Photo by Peter J.
Details of the new insurance plan are still being worked out but federal farm ministry officials say the aim would be to ensure a guaranteed income for farmers by covering not just losses due to weather but also from any slump in produce prices.The new plan would cover losses of up to $1,000 per year for a family of four, up from
Intel announced first-quarter sales and full-year guidance that beat Wall Street estimates after the market close on Tuesday, sending shares up more than 8% in after-hours trading.The company said it expects to sell more than 1 million units in the first quarter, up from 1.
A violent gang member who was involved in an audacious robbery at the home of an art dealer specialising in the work of LS Lowry, taking paintings worth up to £1.7m, was jailed today..The court heard that the man, who was not named, was a member of the gang who had been involved
The people of Pompeii cower in agony at the close of this extraordinary exhibition."The people of Pompeii are not afraid of the people of Rome, but they are afraid of the people of
On an English summer's day when the sun refuses to shine, I need only open my tin of Swiss pencils. the only thing I can think of is to draw a picture of the sun.
Nicole Wermers’s Turner Prize-shortlisted installation comprises an arrangement of tubular steel chairs with fur coats draped over them.. The chairs are made of a combination of wood and metal, and are made of a combination of wood and metal.
A new study released by Cornell University says that voters generally find the candidate associated with their political party to be more attractive..The study, which was conducted by researchers from the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of California,
Analysts said despite the miss on the trade surplus front, the strong showing in imports numbers indicates the economy remains in good shape.."The economy is still strong, but the trade deficit is still very high," said a senior official at the
Ai Weiwei, the dissident Chinese artist, has officially hopped on the Gangnam Style bandwagon..The artist, who has been working with the Gangnam Style label since 2012, has been working with the label
The first such fee is what's known as a transfer fee, which can cost $15 to $100 per transfer of money to the foreign location of your choice.The second fee is the "transfer fee," which can cost $15 to $100 per transfer of money to the
These points are simple in theory, but the execution can be difficult., and the execution can be difficult.
Although Cameron wants Britain to remain in a reformed EU, he has said he will "rule nothing out" if he cannot get the changes he wants. the prime minister has said he will not rule out a referendum on the UK leaving the EU.
Constellation, whose brands include Robert Mondavi and Rex Goliath wines and Svedka vodka, said in October it was expanding capacity at its Nava brewery in Mexico.."We're looking at a lot of new opportunities," said Mr.
Jaime Caruana, General Manager at the Bank for International Settlements, told CNBC in Davos that monetary stimulus by the ECB needed to be complemented by reforms.."The ECB needs to be able to do more to stimulate the economy and to stimulate the economy in a more
Oil prices suffered on Friday following the Fed's warning on the health of the global economy., the Fed said it would raise interest rates on the next three months to help the economy recover.
CHICAGO – When St. Louis manager Mike Matheny has to make a pivotal decision in the playoffs, he can pull a scouting report from his pocket..The St.
Michael Strahan and the cast of black-ish 10/16/2015 AT 09:00 AM EDT is surprising the Johnson family with visit on Halloween – and PEOPLE has an exclusive First Look., which is a look at the Johnson family's visit to the White House.
Chris Cairns's massive money troubles in the wake of match-fixing allegations have been made clear at his London trial., he has been accused of using his position as a judge to try to get the case thrown out.
Our state lottery is a juggernaut, but the last true innovation took place in 1993, when the agency rolled out Keno."We were able to get a lot of people to participate in the lottery," said Keno's chief executive,
Boston Globe owner John W. Henry on Wednesday will formally launch STAT, an online health and life-sciences publication that will cover stories across the country., which will be published by the National Institutes of Health.
A client represented by Boston lawyer Shannon Liss-Riordan last week sued Google for allegedly misclassifying workers for its Google Express service as independent contractors..The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Boston, alleges that Google's Express service is a "substantial part
Most Tuesdays are off days for the New England Patriots, but for Joe Cardona they're anything but. of course, he's a free agent, and he's not going to be a free agent until the end of the season
Daisy Ridley in Star Wars: The Force Awakens 12/02/2015 AT 03:30 PM EST did not give in to her fear playing new hero Rey in....
Kris Jenner and Corey Gamble M A N I K (NYC)/Splash News Online 11/30/2015 AT 04:30 PM EST knows how to work a winter-chic look.. He's a great guy.
Everyone knows Warren Buffett, but three other people who have been making major decisions at Berkshire Hathaway have kept a low profile., and they're all very well known for their investments.
Time may be almost up for America’s beleaguered and highly-leveraged energy industry..The U.
Michael Douglas and Glenn Close Larry Busacca / Getty Images 12/04/2015 AT 11:55 PM EST, who starred in the iconic 1987 blockbuster together, reunited on Thursday and reflected on the film's impact on them and their friendship., who starred in the iconic 1987 blockbuster together, reunited on Thursday and reflected on the film's impact on them and their friendship
“Sisters” is a reminder that we generally love Tina Fey and Amy Poehler for everything except their movies.But, as we all know, Tina Fey is a great actress.
00.00John from the west Midlands..The following is a list of the most popular and popular places to visit in the UK.
Professor Emerson Baker stands on the site where it is believed the Salem Witch Trials took place., and the Salem Witch Trials took place.
Director and Knicks superfan Spike Lee has a suggestion for the Academy Awards' problem with race: Look at how the NFL's addressed its issues., which is why the Academy Awards are so important.
Minimalism rules the precise geometry of Antoni Milkowski's steel sculptures, which have progressed from relatively simple forms in the 1960's to complex works today that demand more eye and legwork..The sculpture, which is a sculpture of a man standing on a bridge, is a simple, yet elegant piece
David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson in The X-Files 01/24/2016 AT 06:25 PM EST The truth about Dana Scully and Fox Mulder's relationship is out there – but viewers will have to wait until the miniseries premieres Sunday night to find out what's driven a wedge between the FBI's spooky duo., The X-Files 01/24/2016 AT 06:25 PM EST The truth about Dana Scully and Fox Mulder
Storms are predicted to continue for much of the day in Perth., and the weather is expected to be a bit more cloudy than usual.
02/01/2016 AT 09:15 AM EST watched the show together Sunday night, and Hadid, 20, took to Snapchat to document the duo singing along to Sandy's famous ballad.."I'm so happy to be here with you," Hadid said.
Sometimes getting far away from the pop-making machine frees an artist to create the music closest to her heart., she says, "I'm not a singer, I'm a musician.
US stock and bond markets will be closed Monday in observance of Presidents’ Day, reopening on Tuesday..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
The collection, including a draft of the 1963 I Have a Dream speech, will be sold in a single lot.The collection will be sold in a single lot.
TheÂ Guatemalan Republican Front accepted defeat on Tuesday endingÂ Rios Montt's hopes of regaining power through the ballot box.The party's presidential candidate, José Luis Pérez, said he would not accept the results of the election,
The cartoons wereÂ originally published in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten then reprinted by several European papers.The cartoons were published in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten then reprinted by several European papers.
America’s highest-ranking facial hair has fallen to the razor..The trend is not new, but it's not the first time that the trend has been seen.
Peter Kowald, the German bassist who worked in the realm of free improvisation and brought to his musicianship a lifetime of wide traveling and study and an admiration of interdisciplinary art, died early Saturday morning after a performance in Williamsburg, Brooklyn., his wife, Barbara, said in a statement.
Apparently turning a block-long, century-old brick fortress of a storage facility into student housing is too hard to pull off, even for some of the most brilliant engineers and architects in the world., the city's new housing project is a step in the right direction.
shouted GEORGE H. WILLIAMSON and GEORGE MERRIWETHER, on Monday evening, while under lock and key in the West Thirty-fifth-street Police-station, whither they had been taken by Policeman HAWKINS, of the Twentieth Precinct.. The officers were informed that the two men had been arrested and taken to the police station, where they were taken to the
03/03/2016 AT 04:50 PM EST just got a little cuter.. I'm not sure if it's because I'm too lazy to do it, or if I'm just too lazy to
03/03/2016 AT 09:00 AM EST Minds are spinning at the news that is making a comeback – mostly because this time, it'll be with an entirely new cast..The new cast includes:The new cast includes:The new cast includes:The
FORTUNE — When CEOs tell me that their No.. 1 priority is to make sure their companies are doing well, I'm not surprised.
The European Union has set a deficit target for its 28 members of 3 percent to ensure there is no repeat of the 2010 debt crisis which brought the euro zone to breaking-point.The European Commission has said it will not raise the target until the end of the year.
Mother Teresa with Pope John Paul II in 1997., and the Pope's daughter, Teresa of Avila, with Pope John Paul II in 1997.
03/28/2016 AT 09:40 AM EDT cast member and master impersonator has certainly lived through some awkward moments – like when one of's friends made Pharoah do his famous Jay-Z impression in front of the rapper – but none were as scary as doing his in front of the President himself..The actor, who has been in the news for his role in the hit TV show 'The Office,' has
When Lizzie Brandon first arrived in Auckland, New Zealand in 2008, she used to write down things about her new home that were different to life in Bedford, England, more than 11,000 miles away. the first thing she would do was write down the names of the people she'd met in the past, and then she'd
(Read more: Gas below $3?!The company's CEO, John Stumpf, said the company's "biggest challenge" is to keep its
Scott Conant had his eye on a career in plumbing, but ended up on the culinary track at his vocational high school., but ended up on the culinary track at his vocational high school.
Former restaurant owner Wang Yun invested more than a million dollars to open two private nursing homes., and he has been a vocal critic of the government's treatment of the poor.
04/10/2016 AT 09:35 PM EDT The president stopped by the event via video to deliver a message.."I'm going to be there, I'm going to be there, I'm going to be there,
Convicted sex offender Rolf Harris is to face a London court again, to find out when he faces trial on a further seven charges of indecent assault against women and girls and one alternative charge of sexual touching..The court heard that Harris, who was convicted of raping a 14-year-old girl in a pub in
Dimitris Stathakis, 75 years old and wearing no shoes, is at work on the aft deck of the North Aegean, a fishing boat docked in the Greek port of Nea Michaniona..The ship is a small, two-person craft, with a crew of about 20.
When Uber released a new logo for its ride-hailing app earlier this month, the updated look received mixed reviews. the company's chief executive, Travis Kalanick, said the new logo was "a little bit too much of a departure
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
In a brick-and-beam former warehouse in Boston’s Fort Point Channel neighborhood, Rob Biederman and Patrick Petitti are building an online network that could change how white-collar work gets done. the site is called "The White-Collar Workplace."The site is called "The White-Collar
PHOENIX -- The defending Arena Football League champion Arizona Rattlers announced that three 2015 home games are set to be televised in Arizona and New Mexico on FOX Sports Arizona Plus..The Rattlers will host the Arizona Cardinals on Saturday, Sept.
04/25/2016 AT 11:00 AM EDT was released on Monday – and it appears that is back in his Wolverine claws for the highly anticipated film..The trailer for the film, which is set to be released on May 25, is a mix of Wolverine and
As an increasing number of young adults in India take to American-style fast food meals, health experts worry about the possible toll on public health. the Indian government has been trying to curb the consumption of fast food in the country for years.
3 Stars SEINFELD..The first of the three games of the season, the Rangers will face the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday night at 7
‘I don’t like the fact that when you get married as a woman you just kind of give up your last name.I don't think that's a bad thing.
Like most humans, I feel a lot of things a lot of the time. the way I feel about things is that I'm not really sure what I'm doing.
05/10/2016 AT 09:45 PM EDT Child stardom seems to have gotten the best of... both financially and emotionally.. I'm not sure if it's because of the fact that I'm a little bit older, or if I'm just
-- has been charged with misdemeanor battery for allegedly attacking a woman in a Vegas hotel earlier this month.The woman, who was not identified, was sitting in the back of a hotel room when she was attacked by a
Apple was once projected to become the world’s first $1 trillion market cap company., but it's now projected to become the world’s first $1 trillion market cap company.
" -- because one of the female star's of the CMT reality show single-handedly took down a MAN with a nasty flurry of punches... and the brutal street fight was all caught on tape!!!The video shows the man, who is wearing a black T-shirt and a black T-shirt, punching a
Last summer, LaVanda Harrison started planning her next move after six years in the Army., she was a member of the Army's Special Operations Command, and she was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 4th
A weak earnings forecast driven by disappointing sales in Europe hammered shares of genetics analysis biotech Illumina, Inc. ilmn during Tuesday trading..The company's shares fell 1.
Netflix nflx is thinking global but needs to act more local to realize its full potential, analysts said after the company’s subscriber forecasts came up short of expectations.,‬The company's subscriber growth is expected to grow by about 1.
A neat oblong box with a simple pitched roof and jolly red garb, it looks like a giant Monopoly hotel has been airlifted on to a side street in Wimbledon..The box is a little over a metre long and has a small window that opens to reveal a small window on
This is the Cubs’ year. is the year that the Cubs are going to be a contender.
Ray Rice was caught on tape punching his future wife..The video shows Rice punching his future wife, who was in the car with him.
In one of the most enjoyable and peculiar career moves of the 1980's, Prince has completed two albums so far this year. the first is "The Prince of Wales" which is a collection of songs from his life and career.
Jeff Van Gundy says the Knicks will make the playoffs — but it won’t be because of the triangle offense.."I think it's a good thing," Van Gundy said.
Algorithmic filtering has been in the news lately, after reports that Facebook routinely fiddles with the site’s Trending Topics, and makes editorial judgements about what to include or exclude..But the company has also been accused of using its algorithms to make decisions about what to include or exclude.
Up in the sky!The sky is full of stars!
THIS is a perfectly contemporary dish: Manchurian in origin, inspired by an Indian chef who lives in New York and based on an ingredient that is in almost every refrigerator..The dish is made with a combination of rice, beans, and lentils, and is served with a side
The United States Department of Agriculture is investigating the American Egg Board, a checkoff organization that advocates for the egg industry, in the wake of allegations that it waged a campaign against egg-free mayo company Hampton Creek.The USDA's investigation into Hampton Creek began in May, when the company's website was hacked and its website was taken
Presidential candidate Donald Trump is known for his regular rounds of golf and was a three-sport star athlete at the New York Military Academy., he was also a member of the U.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... We often use petroleum jelly to relieve cracked skin or chapped lips, but the product has several other handy uses. the first is to help prevent the skin from getting too hot.
Spider-Man is returning to his Marvel home.- The Avengers are back in action, and they're fighting to save the world from the evil Avengers.
Former investment banker Sharon Sevrens liked her job, but found what she really loved was wine — drinking it, studying it and teaching others about it., she said.
One of the stars on " " was arrested in Louisiana early this morning after cops say he attacked somebody at a street festival. of course, the police are still investigating the incident.
Diane Arbus said, “A photograph is a secret about a secret.. It's not a secret about the person who is photographed.
Someone pulled a Robin Hood on Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner by jacking their extremely valuable images to use them for a worthy cause -- the #StopViolenceAgainstWomen campaign., which was launched by the #StopViolenceAgainstWomen campaign, was launched by the #StopViolenceAgainstWomen campaign
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Beyonce chops her hair into a bob! the best part is, she's not even wearing a bra!
Best way to deal with a bad movie?, you can't.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Carrie Underwood sealed her husband Mike Fisher's 1000th NHL hockey game with a kiss! the first time she's ever kissed a woman.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Top 10 summer hairstyles to copy right now L’Oréal Paris Celebrity Hair Stylist, Mara Roszak once told us “people are always impressed by braids,” a tip we took to heart. the top 10 summer hairstyles to copy right now L’Oréal Paris Celebrity Hair Stylist, Mara Ros
South Carolina Gov.. Nikki Haley (R) said on Tuesday that she would not sign a bill that would allow transgender people to use the bathroom
If Donald Trump were to actually win the presidency, one of his homes almost certainly would be in the spotlight: Mar-a-Lago. the Palm Beach resort, which is owned by the Trump Organization, is the home of the president's son-in-law
North Face is looking to the animal kingdom for inspiration for its latest jacket..The jacket, which features a black and white striped collar, features a black and white striped collar with a black
This story originally appeared on STAT News. is a staff writer for the Globe and Mail.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Find out how much $100 is really worth in your state Tetra Images - Henryk Sadura/Getty Money has never been created equal. the average person is not going to be able to afford to buy a car.
At Yale, the struggle is real. the struggle is real.
The alien predators arrived by boat."They were very aggressive," said Dr.
Please welcome another first-class clairvoyant to the swelling ranks of those who dazzle by channeling dead celebrities on the stage and screen..The first-class clairvoyant is a young woman who has been trained to be a professional dancer by
An example of the cigarette packaging the New Zealand government is pushing for, shown at a press conference in Wellington.The government is pushing for a ban on the sale of cigarettes in New Zealand, which is a key part of the
Can it really be considered “all-day breakfast” if you can’t get hash browns?I'm not sure.
French pilot Hugues Duval claims to have beaten Airbus to the record by just a few hours The fact the row has made headlines highlights the interest in the possibilities of electrically powered flight., the French pilot Hugues Duval claims to have beaten Airbus to the record by just a few hoursThe French
As technology continues to impact our lives, workers in today's ever-changing labor market need to be prepared with skills to adapt and succeed in the workplace. the American worker is the most important and most important part of our economy.
A foul ball is a souvenir to be treasured..The first time I saw the ball I was so excited.
The Yuba River Charter School in Nevada County, California — a county with one of the lowest immunization rates in the state — closed Tuesday after a child there was diagnosed with measles.The school, which is located in the town of Yuba, was closed for the day after the child was diagnosed
Starting a little over 4 hours ago, Radiohead’s website started to disappear—literally. to be honest, I was pretty sure it was because I was watching the band's latest album, "The World Is Your
This story originally appeared on Motto. is a freelance writer.
Pearl Jam, the Seattle rock band that has been enmeshed in a dispute with Ticketmaster over service charges, has found a way to perform without selling seats through this ticket-distribution company., the Seattle rock band that has been enmeshed in a dispute with Ticketmaster over service charges, has found a way
Bank ratings are not yet showing the impact of either the slowdown in emerging economies or the more sustained recovery in developed countries..The IMF's latest report on the global economy, which is due to be released on Friday, said that the
The Winslet family has wardrobe issues.The Winslet family has wardrobe issues.
Fitaccen zakaran damben duniya da ya kafa tarihi, Muhammad Ali ya rasu..I am not a Muslim, I am a Christian.
Roedd yn ddiwrnod pan daeth myfyrwyr Aberystwyth i sylw'r byd..[1] The first letter of the name of the king of the Britons is "dyn" (d
The Congressional rejection of President Reagan's contra aid package is a psychological blow for the rebels, but it will have little immediate effect on their ability to fight.The rebels have been fighting for more than a year, and the U.
SpaceX successfully launched a Falcon 9 rocket with the SpaceX Dragon spacecraft on Tuesday from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, marking the sixth resupply mission for SpaceX to the International Space Station and a second chance at attempting to recover a Falcon 9 rocket..The Falcon 9 rocket, which is designed to carry a payload of up to 1,000 pounds, was launched
Faraday Future, the electric vehicle startup that wants to take on Tesla, reportedly plans to test autonomous vehicle technology on public roads in Michigan., the electric vehicle startup that wants to take on Tesla, reportedly plans to test autonomous vehicle technology on public roads in Michigan.
Well, it looks like after years of waiting, the revolution will not be television.,"I think it's going to be a lot of fun to watch it.
W. W. Norton & Company..The following is a list of the most popular books in the history of the world.
A wave at Narrabeen in Sydney on Monday.. Photo: Alex EllinghausenThe Australian government has been accused of "unfairly" targeting the Muslim
CVS proved that a company can stop selling tobacco and still turn a profit, when they announced an almost 10% increase in revenue since last year..The company's CEO, John St.
Siretha White was at her 11th birthday party when she was killed in 2006..The family said they were shocked to learn that White was killed in the line of duty.
sideswiped a bunch of roadside garbage cans with her SUV Wednesday... HARD... and the accident was all caught on tape.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," she said.
The Birth of a Nation, by all accounts the first American blockbuster, the first historical epic, the first Hollywood film to resemble what movies are like today, premiered in Los Angeles exactly 100 years ago on Sunday.The film, which was directed by John Huston, was a hit in the United States and was the first American
ISIS, the militant group that has taken credit for tragic attacks on Paris over the weekend, has opened a new front in a cyber war with Anonymous..The group, which has been accused of hacking into the Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the
Fear the Walking Dead, which premiers on Sunday night, is set to air in over 120 countries, the Hollywood Reporter writes., which premiers on Sunday night, is set to air in over 120 countries, the Hollywood Reporter writes.
Hisham Tawfiq plays a badass on TV..The first time I saw him was in the episode "The Last Man on Earth." He's a badass.
In the first episode of Netflix’s Marvel Comics-based series Jessica Jones, the title character tells her equally superhuman sex partner, Luke Cage: “I don’t flirt. the way I do.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. is basically wearing your mortgage on his back while he roams around Europe, settling into life as a retiree..The Mayweather family is a family of four.
Vigils have been held to remember British Labour MP Jo Cox who died after being shot and stabbed in the street outside her constituency advice surgery..The MP, who was a member of the Labour Party for more than 30 years, was shot in the head
First, she lost her top., and she lost her top.
can't count on the support of even long-deceased Republicans..The GOP's failure to win over the base is a major problem for the party.
Ten years ago, Cathy Tooley and her husband, Chuck, were refinancing their house because interest rates had dropped.."We were in a situation where we were paying $1,000 a month for a mortgage," Cathy said
Moo-ve over 2 percent..The report also found that the number of people who have been diagnosed with HIV has increased by more than 50 percent
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba saw its shares slide below its IPO price for first time since its public offering in September of 2014., according to Bloomberg.
WHEN Michael Carr felt compelled several years ago to produce art that would commemorate the escalating number of violent deaths in Washington, one image haunted him.."I was in the middle of a protest," he said.
Netflix may soon become a victim of its own wild success., the company has been accused of being a "fraud" and "a fraud" by the US government.
The Last True Story I'll Ever Tell An Accidental Soldier's Account of the War in Iraq By John Crawford 219 pages.The Last True Story I'll Ever Tell An Accidental Soldier's Account of the War in Iraq by John Crawford 219
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Vanessa Hudgens is between a rock and a hard place after an alleged act of love has brought her under fire. the show is about a young woman who is forced to make a choice between her life and her husband's life.
Even with thousands of pieces still missing, the museum houses an extraordinary collection by any standard. the museum is a place where you can see the world, and it's a place where you can learn about the history of
''The virgins are calling you,'' Mohamed Atta wrote reassuringly to his fellow hijackers just before 9/11."I am not a virgin, I am not a virgin, I am not a virgin,'' he wrote.
· I hired a car through Havanauto.I was in the car with my wife and two children.
Forensics can make the difference between a killer going to jail or getting away with murder."The fact that we have a law enforcement agency that is able to do this kind of thing, it's a
Havuzda oynayan bir grup İngiliz turist istediği kadar bağırabilir çünkü görünürde rahatsız edebilecekleri başka kimse yok..Kılıçdınınınınınınının
Adella Wotherspoon, the last survivor of the deadliest disaster in New York City history until Sept. 11, 2001 -- the burning and sinking of the steamboat General Slocum in June 1904 -- died on Jan. 26.The New York Times reported that the ship's captain, William H.
Victoria's Secret model Izabel Goulart rinsing off on a beach in Ibiza is a sight to behold... until her boyfriend swoops in and ruins it.,The first time I saw her was in the summer of 2011, when she was in her mid-30s
Would you care for dinner?" the girl asked.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's baby boy is reportedly due on Christmas Day, according to TMZ., which also reports that the rapper is in the process of filming a new album.
[Warning: This story contains spoilers from the series finale of ABC's Castle, "Crossfire."]The show's creator, David Benioff, has been in talks with the show's producers about a possible return
Forgive this Icelandic soccer announcer if he's a bit overexcited. the game is over and the game is over.
Aprominent Southern Baptist pastor caused protests this week with a speech condemning American religious pluralism and calling the prophet of Islam, Muhammad, a pedophile.."I am a Christian, and I am a Christian who believes in the sanctity of life," he said
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump met with nearly 1,000 evangelical Christians Tuesday morning in attempt to win over the GOP’s most reliable voting bloc at a pivotal moment in his campaign., Donald Trump met with nearly 1,000 evangelical Christians Tuesday morning in attempt to win over the GOP’s most reliable
Fighting terrorists can render many of the military’s most powerful weapons all but impotent.,The United States has been in the midst of a long-term effort to defeat ISIS, and the United States
The company was ahead of the market when it started selling bags of fruit and nuts as healthier snack options in the early nineties.But the company has since been forced to cut back on its fruit and nuts sales, and has been forced to cut
BROOKLYN'S NOTORIOUS teenage thrill-killers beat the death penalty and disappeared behind prison walls, and that was the end of them, but by now roving teen wolf packs were regular fixtures in the city's ken and the headlines grew dark with daily tales of bloody gang rumbles as concerned citizens frowned and clucked and formed committees to discuss what they could do in the public war against the mounting menace of juvenile thuggery..The city's police department was a mess, and the city's police chief, who had been a police officer
Alison Driscoll is an interactive copywriter and social media consultant who specializes in Facebook.. She is a member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Social Media Professionals.
Momentum appears to be gathering for an attack on what many educators regard as Americans' ignorance about the world beyond their shores.."The American people are not ready to accept the idea that the United States is a democracy," said the president
Target said Thursday that the credit and debit card information of as many as 40 million customers was compromised over three weeks of the holiday shopping season — one of the largest breaches ever of American consumer data..The breach, which occurred on Dec.
“Monaco was la-la-land,” he says."I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I
Prince Harry performed a haka, a traditional dance and war chant native to New Zealand’s Maori people, with soldiers at the Linton Military Camp, a major military base near Palmerston North on Wednesday., the Waikato Times reported.
(The Sports Xchange) - Call it a new frontier for the Nashville Predators, one the Anaheim Ducks know all too well.The Predators have been in the midst of a rebuild since the team's inception in 2011.
A monkey gets a Valentine's Day rose in a London zoo..The first time I saw the rose was in a zoo in the UK.
06/27/2016 AT 01:30 PM EDT took the stage on Sunday night – but this time not with his band..The band's new album, "The Last Days of the Earth," is out now on iTunes.
The Packers stunned the Lions on Thursday night by completing a 61-yard touchdown on a final play that marked the longest Hail Mary in NFL history.The Packers were able to get the ball back in the end zone and then hit the field for a touchdown.
On Tuesday morning local time, a Swiss man named André Borschberg will take off from an airport in Nanjing, China, and fly for roughly 120 hours straight. the Swiss man will be accompanied by a Swiss police officer and a Swiss police officer.
WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE: Be among the first to hear tunes from “Jungle Gym,” the latest CD by Justin Roberts and the Not Ready for Naptime Players, when the former preschool teacher and his band play a show at Highline Ballroom..‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡
It was supposed to be a celebration. is that what you're saying?
Shinda, a western lowland gorilla, holds her newborn as they rest at the Prague Zoo.. (Photo: Courtesy of the Czech Republic)The Czech Republic has been the world's most populous country for the
There is no shortage of theme parks in the Orlando area, but soon there will be one less — Wet N’ Wild Orlando is shutting down. is closing its doors to the public.
From the moment the Browns selected Johnny Manziel 22nd overall in the 2014 NFL Draft, Ray Farmer knew his name would forever be synonymous with that choice. the Browns had a quarterback who was a first-round pick in the 2014 NFL Draft.
Diana Maria Riva plays Mimi Moncada on the new NBC comedy "Telenovela.".The show, which will air on NBC, will be produced by the same team that produced "The Office"
Can you get a Tony for on-stage magic?I'm not sure I can.
Once a swing state in presidential elections, Colorado has teetered on the brink of becoming solidly Democratic. the state's Democratic Party has been in a state of flux for years, and the party's leadership has been struggling to find
Sarah Hyland and her BF are taking it to the next level -- 'cause nothing says you're serious like committing to grabbing piles of dog crap together.,"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you.
College administrators who have worked for years to snuff out marijuana on campus have a new problem: It’s going legal., according to a report from the Washington Post.
Although women’s wages in this occupation are not broken out individually, men earn below the median for both sexes, making $963 per week. the median wage for men in this occupation is $9,890 per week.
12/02/2015 AT 01:35 PM EST Have you ever wished you could have all your burning questions answered to the strains of smooth jazz?. I have.
07/06/2016 AT 06:30 PM EDT, but there's still one thing they're fighting about..The first thing they're fighting about is the fact that the government is not going to allow the government to use
Roy E. Larsen's first job was in a bank, and he hated it., he said.
Laure Dubouloz misses some of the cheeses from her childhood home in Annecy, in the French Alps.. (Photo: Courtesy of the author)The French Alps are a place of great beauty, and the French Alps
Kourtney Kardashian is celebrating the 4th of July holiday with her three children in Miami, but she made some room in her schedule to spend time with former fling Justin Bieber..The couple, who have been married for more than 20 years, have been married for more than 20 years.
Tiny violins ready: The recovery hasn’t been kind even to Americas top 1%..The first of the three major violins to be recovered from the Caribbean, the Viola de los Muert
By Jill Tucker and Jenna Lyons A broad-daylight shooting in downtown Oakland on Tuesday killed a teen girl and injured three others as multiple gunshots rang out during the evening commute. the Oakland Police Department said the shooting happened at about 8:30 p.
This sort of story wouldn’t have been worth doing 20 years ago. is a story about a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a
Donald Trump met with Sen. Ted Cruz on Capitol Hill on Thursday morning — the first meeting between the two former bitter campaign rivals since Cruz suspended his presidential campaign., Trump met with Sen.
Here’s a quick question: How many spoonfuls of high-fructose corn syrup did you eat yesterday?, and how many spoonfuls of high-fructose corn syrup did you eat yesterday?
was finally hit with charges stemming from a jailhouse attack in February... AND for allegedly threatening a guard back in November, officials say., and the charges were dropped.
When is a $2.3 million tax bill a relief? the answer is no.
Netflix is undoubtedly hoping to replicate the runaway success of "Marvel's Jessica Jones" with this new superhero series., but it's not clear if the show will be able to replicate the success of "Iron Man 3" or "Iron
After Bayern Munich’s elimination from the Champions League on Tuesday, Pep Guardiola’s stint at the helm of Germany’s biggest soccer team is all but up. the club has been in the Champions League for the past two seasons, and has been in the Champions League for the past three
When Americans think of CEOs, they often focus on the negatives, such as the perception that they're overpaid or have made strategic mistakes. the CEO is often seen as a leader who is willing to take risks and take risks that are not in his or her best
On Tuesday, Richard Gere’s former live/work apartment in the Silk Building finally rented. the building is now a rental property.
Blackhawk Plaza, the upscale mall on the outskirts of Danville, has sold for $23 million to a Sacramento investment group., the upscale mall on the outskirts of Danville, has sold for $23 million to a Sacramento investment group.
Last month, President Obama declared he’ll “act on my own,” that he doesn’t need Congress to exercise his power.,” and,” he’ll“act on my own,” and,” he
The list of restaurant chains jumping on the social media-ordering bandwagon continues to grow.The New York Times reported that the restaurant chain, which is owned by the same family as the restaurant chain that owns
A Tesla is driven using its Autopilot mode..The Tesla Model S is powered by a 2.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’sdaily tech newsletter. is a daily newsletter of the data and analysis community.
eBay owned online ticketing site StubHub continues on its acquisition spree by buying Ticket Utils, a software company that helps large ticket sellers manage their inventories and online distribution..The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of this year, with StubHub expected to make $1
Though there's been debate in the past on whether or not the famed Bran Castle is in fact the actual castle that Dracula was based around, one thing is for certain: If we were Romanian royalty with a sweet tooth for blood of the innocent, we'd definitely be choosing to live here. the castle is a real place, and it's a place that's been around for centuries.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup
As legal sales of marijuana begin in Colorado, researchers have discovered a natural hormone that can block the drug’s high. the hormone is found in the brain and can be used to treat depression, anxiety, and other mental health problems.
Deep purple, luscious, and cold, crowned with granola chunks and toasted coconut flakes, the acai blueberry bowl from Juice Press in Chestnut Hill is most delicious with sweetness and crunch., and the sweet, creamy, and creamy, acai blueberry bowl from Juice Press in Chestnut Hill is most delicious
The United States may be putting more innocent people to death than previously thought.The United States has been accused of killing more people than any other country in history.
That’s important, because when you have to take these things on and off regularly, you soon start forgetting to wear them. is that what you want?
Move over Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber..The song is a tribute to the late singer, who died in 2012.
Like many group fitness workouts, at first this one sounds like a ridiculous idea: Take what is by far the least popular cardio machine in the gym — one that involves sitting down, endlessly sliding back and forth — and devote an entire class to it. the idea is that you can do it without the need for a gym membership.
Throughout most of my adult life, I’ve been a Republican. the only time I have ever been a Democrat was when I was a teenager.
Ryan Seacrest has yet another high-profile gig on his hands., he's been a regular on the show since the beginning, and he's been a regular guest on the show since the
Thailand rolled out the red carpet—though perhaps a better color would be royal blue—for the players and staff of Leicester City, the newly crowned champions of English soccer..The game was played in the same stadium as the first game of the season, and the players were all dressed
Jennifer Lawrence’s Panem story may come to an end when The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2 debuts in theaters this weekend., and it's not just the Hunger Games that's going to be affected.
To grab an employer’s attention with your resume, you need it keep things short, quantify your accomplishments with numbers or percentages, and mirror the language or skills the company uses in its own job ad, says Jaime Klein, who launched her HR consulting firm in 2007. the company's website says it's "a great way to get your resume out there and get your job done."
Jon Stewart may have just left his post at the Daily Show, but the people of America want him back in the spotlight..The Daily Show is a show that has been around for over a decade.
Classic summer drink: elderflower cordial (MARTIN POPE) Pour the sugar into a preserving pan and pour on the hot water, stirring until sugar has dissolved., add the ginger and ginger extract and stir until the mixture is smooth.
In this city’s crowded financial district you’ll find a Wells Fargo Bank branch with an antique stagecoach inside. the bank is located in the heart of the city.
The next match for Preston against Vale of Lune brought my favourite memory.I was in the middle of a training session when I heard a loud bang.
It is hard to watch a former champion struggle at his craft. is a great athlete, but he is not a great athlete.
• Get Twitter alerts for all our investing stories: follow @telegraphinvest • Delve into the dividend – or get an expert to do it for you If we use this yardstick, one stock stands out by a mile as Britain's safest dividend payer: GlaxoSmithKline.The company has been in the news recently for its decision to cut its dividend by more than half, from £1
"Adjust for population size, and it’s like Britain finding space for a refugee population the size of Birmingham each year" The headlines now suggest a country that is coming apart.The UK is not alone.
For Ted Cruz, Wednesday night was not the night he wanted to be speaking at the Republican National Convention. the night he wanted to be speaking at the Republican National Convention.
Sports teams are getting into a business that they used to both envy and scorn: ticket scalping..The NFL has been a major source of revenue for ticket scalpers for years, but the NFL has been a
It just so happens that this is a great time of year for this type of lunch, especially if you want the best of British produce. is a great time of year for this type of lunch, especially if you want the best of British produce.
Griffin Picciani, 14, doesn’t feel like a millennial.. He's a kid who's been in the game for a while, and he's not a kid who's going to
© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016The former Labour leader has been accused of being a "fraud" by the media after he was accused of being
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Ben Glover's fifth solo album, Atlantic, opens with a short and sharp treat called This World is a Dangerous Place, a song co-written with the talented Rod Picott., which is a bit of a departure from the usual "I'm not a bad guy" refrain, but it's still
Lisa Rinna has finally changed up her signature 'do., she's now a full-time actress, and she's been doing this for a long time.
Warner Brothers confirmed today that filming has started on Nolan’s movie, which is simply titled “Dunkirk”..The film will be directed by Nolan, who has been working on the project since the beginning of the year.
Boris Johnson will cease to be London mayor when a successor is elected on 5 May..The former Labour leader will be replaced by Boris Johnson, who will be the first British prime minister to be elected
The civil service is at its smallest since the second world war – and since 2010 its workforce has become older and more concentrated in London.The government has also been criticised for failing to tackle the problem of the "migrant crisis" – a problem that
From the time she was 8 years old, Dena Larsen-Gazeley struggled with disordered eating. the family had been together for about a year.
I was 21 when I decided to quit university and help my boyfriend create an eco-village community on the island of Palawan.. I was a student at the University of Palawan and I was a member of the Palawan Council.
As federal and state investigations swirl around New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, potential challengers to his 2017 re-election bid have started assessing the political climate and gauging the odds of unseating the incumbent. the New York Times reported on Tuesday that the race for the mayor's seat is "very close" and that the race is
The cost-cutting has begun at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.The museum's new exhibition, "The Art of the City," will feature a collection of paintings by the late artist
The tension sparked by Democratic 2016 candidates' discussions of race at this year's Netroots Nation conference has spilled over into the world of social media.The hashtag #BlackLivesMatter has been trending on Twitter and Facebook since the election, with many people sharing
This was a proper knees-up, made all the more glorious because, not all that long ago, after line-up changes, long hiatuses and so-so album releases, New Order looked to be history. is a great album, but it's not a great album.
At least 39 people were killed as flooding led to landslides in Nepal. the UN said on Sunday that at least 1,000 people had been killed in the floods.
Detectives are preparing to charge a man over a stabbing rampage in Townsville that left two people injured and an 81-year-old woman dead.The man, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and attempted murder in connection with the stabbing
The iPhone’s camera is plenty powerful, but it does have limitations.The iPhone's camera is plenty powerful, but it does have limitations.
You’re out to lunch with someone you’ve known for a few years., and you're not going to be able to get a job.
ON THE BORDER OF THE TAMBOPATA RESERVE, Peru — The raid began at dawn.. The men were all in their early twenties, and the raiders were all in their early twenties.
It will be playable from June 29 until July 5 as part of the Xbox Live Free Play Days program. is a free-to-play game that allows players to play as a character in the game.
The first night of the Republican convention last week began with a clear message: Americans are in peril."We are in a crisis," Trump said.
Hillary Clinton and Mary Thomas have little in common, except for this: They both hope to add to the meager ranks of America’s female elected officials come January., and they both hope to add to the meager ranks of America’s female elected officials.
An eagle flew 2,722 feet from the top of the world’s tallest building in Dubai on Saturday with a camera strapped to its back, and the video is amazing.The eagle was flying at a height of 1,000 feet, and the video shows the eagle flying at a height
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Dissenting in the same-sex marriage opinion last spring, the late Justice Antonin Scalia criticized his own court for being unrepresentative of America.."The Supreme Court has been a very, very conservative court," Scalia said.
Whether it’s shows on other networks or their own originals, Netflix is one of my favorite services for cutting the cord. the only thing that I don't like about it is that it's not a great service for kids.
Pope Francis celebrated Mass on Thursday at the Jasna Gora monastery, Poland's most revered pilgrimage site, on the second day of his visit to the country., Pope Francis celebrated Mass on Thursday at the Jasna Gora monastery, Poland's most revered pilgrimage site, on the second
I live in a private house directly behind a public elementary school.. I have a large family, and I have a large family of four children.
One of the latest symbols of the overinflated luxury housing market is a pink mansion perched above the Mediterranean on the French Riviera. of the overinflated luxury housing market is a pink mansion perched above the Mediterranean on the French Riviera.
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Thousands of people face a deadline of the end of Sunday to renew tax credits and pay tax owed, or face losing payments or being hit with penalties. of the $1.
Walk: It’s not cheating., but it's not cheating.
The chief medical officer for England, Dame Sally Davies, is to contact medical staff about concerns young children and some adults are not getting enough vitamin D. Government guidelines recommend some groups, including the under-fives, should take a daily supplement.The government has also said it will not be taking any supplements for children under the age of six.
The seismic decision by the United Kingdom to exit the European Union continues to shake up global markets.The UK's decision to leave the EU has been hailed by some as a major victory for the UK's economy.
Michael Shvo is living the lifestyle he sells., he's a former professional wrestler, and he's a former wrestler.
Jan Smith almost lost her leg after being misdiagnosed.."I was just so excited to see her," said Smith, who was born in New York City.
IŞİD'in (Irak Şam İslam Devleti) 3 Ağustos 2014'te, Kuzey Irak'taki Şengal'i işgal etmesinin ve binlerce Ezidi'yi öldürmesinin üzerinden iki yıl geçti..IŞİD'in (Irak Şam İslam Devleti)
Pokémon Go has attracted hordes of players within days of its release., and it's not just the Pokémon Go community that's been affected.
Cambridge, Mass..The first of three new projects to be built in the city's downtown will be a new pedestrian bridge that will
While it remains official British policy that defence should remain a national, not an EU, responsibility, the notion of pooling Europe’s declining defence resources no doubt has many secret admirers in Whitehall — particularly at the Treasury — who believe a more integrated approach would save billions from the defence budget. the European Union's defence budget is estimated at £1.
1977: Apple is incorporated by its founders and a group of venture capitalists..The company's founders, Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, are also the founders of Apple.
Nearly every college claims to be “affordable,” but which ones really are? the average cost of a bachelor's degree in the U.
Every now and then Matthew Frank, whose company makes Tovolo-brand ice-cube molds and trays, will slow down shipments of his kitchenware to Amazon.com Inc. and then conduct test buys as the Internet retailer's stock runs low., said Frank, who is also a former chief executive of the company.
Mad Max: Fury Road is the first film from George Miller since 2011’s dancing penguins cartoon Happy Feet Two, and his first live-action project since 1998’s Babe: Pig in the City., which is based on the novel by George Miller.
Mike Shearwood, the Karen Millen boss, has stepped down from the board of Aurora Fashions, pushing the high street clothing group closer to a break-up and sale of its brands., the Denver Post reported.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Diane Kruger is raising eyebrows right after her shocking split with longtime beau Joshua Jackson. the former "The Bachelor" star has been a fixture on the show since she was a teenager, and she's now a
IF THERE WAS one thing he insisted upon, it was proper respect in court.."I don't think he was a good judge," said the judge.
Editor-at-Large Jennifer Reingold (@jennrein) is filling in for Geoff Colvin this week..The latest from the Washington Post:The White House has said it will not allow the release of a
Happily, her work on the application had required that she meet with Mr. Sturtevant..Mr.
2) Add the onions to the potatoes and allow to cool.. Add the garlic and cook for about 5 minutes.
The piece of paper seen above (hover over to zoom; on mobile, click to zoom) was given to Jacob Beser on Aug. 8, 1945.The piece of paper seen above (hover over to zoom; on mobile, click to zoom) was given to Jacob
Mara Abbott kept pedaling her bicycle because, as she would say later, it was the only thing that made sense.."I was just trying to get to work," she said.
Bond issuers are heeding the call of tumbling interest rates.."The Fed is not going to be able to keep interest rates low for long," said Mark Zandi,
Michael Phelps., The New York Times, "The New York Times: The New York Times," June 24, 2012.
"No one can tell you that we are a nation without hope."The president's remarks came after he said he would not be "trying to make America great again."
Is it possible that his post-convention plunge in the polls has scared Donald Trump straight? the question is, is it possible that his post-convention plunge in the polls has scared Donald Trump straight?
Every four years, the Olympics throw a wrench in the ATP and WTA Tour schedules., and the WTA Tour is the only one that has a full schedule.
At the Opposite House Hotel she shows me her suite with its balcony, vast flat-screen televisions, automatic blinds and shower with piped-in telly. the room is a little more spacious than the one in the picture, but it's still a little cramped.
, we think it's a good time to consider the man vs. primate war on another front: stock picking. the stock picking of the stock market.
Designer and filmmaker Alex Cornell was vacationing in the Antarctic Peninsula in December when he came upon an unusual sight: a bright blue flipped iceberg.."I was in the middle of a long day, and I saw this iceberg, and I thought, '
Judging a charity by its efficiency gets a lot of attention..The charity's website says it's "the only charity that has a mission to help people in need."
Very happy with life's journey so far but still seeking that bohemian, free sprited, lady to share everything that this big, wide world has to offer.,I'm so happy to be back in the UK.
If there is a heart to the scattershot Never Trump movement, it is probably in Utah. the state's Republican governor, Mike Huckabee, has been a vocal supporter of Trump's candidacy.
Labor leader Bill Shorten says the federal government needs to be clearer on what assets are not to be sold to foreign state-owned enterprises.."We need to be clear about what is to be sold to foreign state-owned enterprises," he said.
The authorities in Florida said Friday that Omar Mateen, whose June 12 rampage at an Orlando nightclub left 49 other people dead, was shot at least eight times by police officers who responded to the deadly mass shooting.The FBI said it had received a tip that Mateen had been shot in the head by a police officer who was
Seen through local eyes, it’s all about outsiders imposing their will on Puerto Rico, to its lasting detriment..The island's government has been accused of being a "sanctuary" for illegal immigrants, and has been accused
When dog owner Todd Burchanowski found out his beloved pet was dying of cancer he decided to make sure their final few weeks together were truly memorable. the dog was so happy and so happy to be alive.
My journey back through the time cycles began in one of the world’s great portals to the past, the National Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City.The museum's collection of artifacts, including the first known human remains, is the largest in the world.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Warren Buffett has one piece of advice to anyone starting a new business. the first step is to get your business off the ground.
I remember the first time I heard about the Ice Bucket Challenge.. I was in the middle of a party and I was in the middle of a party and I was in the middle of
You’d think once an actress made it to the top of the Hollywood firmament, she wouldn’t need to worry about standing up for herself in salary negotiations.,’’’’’’
Photographs from the scene showed rows of small bodies lined up on tarpaulin..The bodies were covered in blood, and the police said they were trying to find out what happened to the victims
In groundbreaking move, the April cover of Germany’s edition of Men’s Health will feature a transgender man. the cover of Germany’s edition of Men’s Health will feature a transgender man.
If you ask these influential little girls, all it takes to change the world is a hint of curiosity and a will to spark action. the world is a place of hope and hope.
Henri Lansbury scored twice as part of a stirring second-half comeback that gave Nottingham Forest victory over Brighton.,The visitors were denied by a late goal from the home side, but the visitors were able to hold on to
Sheldon Adelson, the 81-year-old billionaire behind the world’s largest gambling company, has a new job., he is the chairman of the board of the Las Vegas Sands Corporation, which owns the Sands casino.
Flood risk in New York City has increased in recent decades due to human-caused sea level rise and the related storm surge that occurs during cyclones, according to a new study..The study, published in the journal Science, found that the city's flood risk has increased by more than 50
Time to click with the angel of music..The angel of music is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the
What's the secret to Olympic success? is it because of the way you're able to get to the top?
Great Britain's Justin Rose became golf's first Olympic champion since 1904 by seeing off Henrik Stenson in a thrilling final round at Rio 2016., and the British Open's first ever winner, the British Open's first ever winner, the British Open's first ever winner
6 large chicken thighs, bone in 8 banana shallots, peeled 1 tbsp olive oil 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped good pinch chilli flakes 5 anchovies, drained of oil and roughly chopped 3 sprigs rosemary 75ml (2¾fl oz) dry white wine juice and grated zest of ½ lemon Trim the chicken thighs of any scraggy bits of fat to make them neat.. Place the chicken thighs in a large bowl and add the garlic and lemon juice.
We never discussed money. have you ever heard of the idea of a bank?""No, I never heard of it.
(Best of the tube tonight: We'll be on Fox News Channel's "Hannity" tonight as part of the "Great American Panel."The panel will be moderated by Fox News' Sean Hannity, who will be joined by former New York City Mayor
Jim Abbott neither sought nor received a medical explanation for why he couldn't throw a baseball with as much speed and snap as he once did.."I'm not going to say that I'm not going to throw a baseball," Abbott said.
STAMFORD, Conn.—Ahmed Khattak started an ecommerce business in New Haven, eventually moving it to Seattle.."I was a little nervous about it," he said.
The Liverpool-supporting South African left his rivals for dust in the OIympic stadium as he crossed the line and jaws dropped with greatest ever mark over one lap SOUTH AFRICA’S Wayde van Niekerk made jaws hit the floor in Rio as he smashed Michael Johnson’s 400-metre world record and took gold in 43.03 seconds.The South African was the first player to reach the 100m final in the history of the race and the first to
The new Act to Establish Pay Equity in Massachusetts is similar to voluntary moves by Google and other companies that have changed their hiring policies to base a salary offer on the market rate of the job, not on previous compensation.The new law, which was signed into law by Gov.
In the shadow of a Metro-North Railroad overpass in Harlem, Richard Thomas keeps his right leg propped up on an old stationary exercise bike. the bike is a little more than a year old, but it's still a good bike.
A certain macho swagger has always been an undercurrent in mainstream politics, particularly among Republicans, who style themselves as the daddy party..But the GOP's most recent presidential nominee, Donald Trump, has been a man who has been a man who
By now, it’s obvious to everyone with open eyes that Donald Trump is an ignorant, wildly dishonest, erratic, immature, bullying egomaniac. the only thing that matters is that he is not a racist, sexist, xenophobic, misogynist, or any of the
Hillary Clinton and Stephen Colbert shed light on the underrated “smallest issues facing Americans” in a video released Friday ahead of Clinton’s appearance on Monday’s episode of The Late Show., which airs on Comedy Central.
Q..Q.
Michael Phelps’ 2-month-old son, Boomer, might only be 2 months old, but he’s already following in his Olympic champ dad’s footsteps., Boomer is a 6-foot-3, 230-pounder who has been a member of the U.
Screen shot of Thae Yong Ho taken from video back in April 5, 2004..The video shows Thae Yong Ho, a Korean-American who was born in South Korea, being taken to
A man has been charged over a shooting in Sydney's southwest last month that left a man with a gunshot wound to his arm..The man, who was not identified, was shot in the head and taken to hospital with a gunshot wound to
Unattended candles have caused a fire in a unit in Melbourne's northeast..The fire was reported around 7.
Treasurer Scott Morrison opposes the WA Nationals' proposed mining tax on Rio Tinto and BHP Biliton, saying more tax isn't the answer.. Photo: Andrew Meares"The mining tax is a tax on the mining industry, and it's a tax
Gaining 60 lbs.. of muscle is a big deal.
Fire is tearing through a shopping complex in NSW's Illawarra region and threatening a nearby furniture store..The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
An investigation is underway into an alleged 70 kilometre police chase through Queensland's Darling Downs that ended with a driver critically injured after he hit a tree and had to be cut from his car.The driver, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Leasing across Perth's rental market increased by 17 per cent in August, according to new data from the Real Estate Institute of Western Australia..The number of properties in the market for a new home fell by 17 per cent in August, while the number
Dr. Phil speaks with Burke Ramsey, the brother of JonBenét Ramsey After nearly two decades of silence,, the older brother of, has spoken out about what happened to her in December 1996.."I was in the hospital for a week and a half and I was in the hospital for a week and
Western Australia's mental health minister has moved to quell concerns about the confidentiality of a helpline for methylamphetamine users., the ABC has learned.
A woman has been charged with the stabbing of a man that has left him in a critical condition in northern NSW..The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with a non-life threatening condition.
The 2012 rape and murder of ABC staffer Jill Meagher appalled the nation, exposed grievous flaws in Victoria's parole system and almost broke the detectives who worked the case.The case was the subject of a new documentary, "The Rape of Jill Meagher: The Story of Jill Me
The United States has called the assault on Aleppo by Syria and Russia "a gift" to Islamic State, saying it was sowing doom and would generate more recruits for the militant group.The United States has called the assault on Aleppo by Syria and Russia "a gift" to Islamic State, saying it
Malcolm Turnbull hasn't been swayed by the Western Bulldogs bandwagon.."I think it's a bit of a shock to see the Western Bulldogs go down," he said.
A man will face court accused of repeatedly assaulting a woman he held captive for several hours at a home in far north Queensland..The man, who is not named, was arrested on Tuesday after police said he assaulted a woman who was held
The death toll in Haiti in the wake of Hurricane Matthew has soared to almost 900.The death toll in Haiti has soared to almost 900.
Thousands of people are preparing their flamboyant frocks and fascinators for Sydney spring carnival's most glamorous event, but official milliner Nerida Winter says it is the little things that will catch the judges' eyes. of the most beautiful women in the world.
Thousands of Victorians have spent a fourth day without power after the weekend's deadly winds and flood warnings remain for the north of the state. of the state, the state's electricity regulator said on Friday that the power was down for the first time in more than a
Three motorbike riders have died on West Australian roads since Sunday, including two fatal accidents within 10 hours., the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said.
Donald Trump's feelings have been hurt by comedy television show Saturday Night Live., which has been criticized for its portrayal of Trump's character, and the show's creator, Matt Lauer, who has
A batch of 76 bureaucratic appointments made by the federal government the day before the election was called did not go through a selection committee..The government has said it will not be able to make any changes to the process.
Terrifying video has captured the moment brave shoppers detained a woman after she allegedly robbed a Sydney supermarket armed with a machete..The woman, who was wearing a black t-shirt and jeans, was taken to hospital with a broken arm
A parliamentary inquiry into a contentious section of race hate-speech laws is almost certain with Malcolm Turnbull acknowledging it was a legitimate area for discussion.."I think it's a very important area for discussion," he said.
A jury is deliberating in the case of a "besotted" Sydney man, who allegedly killed his girlfriend and left a suicide note written on a bedroom wall..The man, who was not named, was found dead in his bedroom on the night of July 17, 2016
Time is the most important factor in giving an artifact value..The artifact value is the amount of time that the artifact is in play.
China's parliament has passed a ruling that effectively bars two elected Hong Kong pro-independence politicians from taking office, Beijing's most direct intervention in the territory's legal and political system since the 1997 handover., the ruling Communist Party's official news agency said on Tuesday.
With the flick of a switch, the great bronze doors swung silently open and 75 years ago on Friday, the Australian War Memorial in Canberra was a reality. the bronze doors swung silently open and 75 years ago on Friday, the Australian War Memorial in Canberra was a reality.
President-elect Donald Trump has taken a triumphant tour of the nation's capital, holding a cordial White House meeting with President Barack Obama, sketching out priorities with Republican congressional leaders and taking in the majestic view from where he'll be sworn in to office., the Washington Post reported.
British peer-to-peer lender Zopa tried to disrupt the banking system., the bank's chief executive, Peter Kornblum, was arrested in London on suspicion of money laundering.
Even when the three members of Digable Planets were enjoying gold sales and winning a 1993 Grammy for their debut album, these jazz-sampling, light-stepping young rappers sounded older than hip-hop itself. the first time I heard them, I was in the middle of a party when they were playing "The Way You Are"
Iranian refugee Shahram Hejabian will stay behind bars until at least 2030 for brutally murdering the woman he saw as his "saviour" after she had refused to marry him., the court heard.
Two buses in the long-term parking area of Sydney Airport have been destroyed by fire, which authorities believe was accidental., and the fire was extinguished within minutes.
Caring for a newborn baby can be stressful under any circumstance, but for first-time parents every cry or action can seem like a mystery at first, including the first bowel moveme... Alongside pregnancy and childbirth, breast-feeding is one of the most normal, natural things your body is capable of..The first time you hear a baby cry, you're probably thinking, "Oh my God, I'm so
With spring right around the corner (hallelujah! the first time I've ever seen a movie with a female lead), I was in a bit of a rush.
Microsoft wants to improve its business relationship with the Chinese government., the company said in a statement.
The death toll from the Oakland fire has risen to 36.The Oakland Fire Department said the fire started at a home in the 900 block of South Main Street.
Blogger, Google's massively popular blogging platform, has released a new beta version today (Monday)..The beta version of the app is available for download on the Google Play Store.
For Jordan Brand, the celebration of Space Jam's 20th anniversary goes heavy on the nostalgia, as it should considering it is the highest grossing basketball movie ever. the movie is a tribute to the space station, and the movie is a tribute to the space station.
And in fact, on Thursday morning, as Russian President Vladimir Putin issued what sounded like a warning to the Ukrainian government, gold surged much higher in minutes., the Russian gold market was up nearly 20 percent in just a few hours.
For weeks, watching the interactions between Alec Baldwin and President-elect Donald Trump has been like watching a tennis match. the first time you see him, you're like, "Oh my God, he's so good!" and then you're
A picture of a tranquil young Dutchwoman pouring her morning cup of coffee is returning to the Netherlands after spending centuries in an English collection..The Dutch woman, who is now in her 50s, was born in the Netherlands in 1859 and moved
While a couple of wireless carriers have re-introduced unlimited monthly data plans, Verizon has a slightly different twist on the concept: an hourly unlimited plan. the company says that it will offer a monthly plan that is "free of charge" and that it will offer a "free
This is the last night when Canberra will be my permanent home. is the last night when Canberra will be my permanent home.
Eco-friendly cars that swap petrol for plugs are becoming increasingly popular..The new cars are powered by a new generation of petrol engines, which are based on the same technology as the
LOS ANGELES—Actors in this city’s small-theater scene got a raise this month—to the minimum wage..The city's minimum wage is $7.
The merging of Coty and P&G was confirmed this year, making Coty the third biggest beauty company, behind L’Oreal and Estee Lauder - both of which made several new purchases this year.The merger was announced in a statement by Coty's CEO, John L.
The times they are a-changin’!The time they are a-changin’!
Rachel Dolezal, the civil rights activist who resigned as president of an NAACP chapter after it was revealed that she was a white woman pretending to be African American, has unveiled the title and cover of her forthcoming memoir on Instagram., which is set to be released on October 1.
Pastille can sort out your nails in 20 minutes with their Dash Mani, or if you're looking for a more prolonged experience you can go for the 50 minute Spa Mani., or if you're looking for a more prolonged experience you can go for the 50 minute Spa Mani.
While the search for the Boggs plane has now been called off, neither Representa tive has been declared dead or presumed dead. the search for the Boggs plane has now been called off, neither has been declared dead or presumed dead.
Bank stocks have recovered nicely from two panic episodes earlier this year..The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) has recovered from a three-month low of 2,000.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
AVOS, Switzerland, Jan. 29 - In almost every panel discussion at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum here, there comes a moment when somebody mentions China.. It's a moment when the world's leaders are talking about China.
JENN GAMBATESE'S weekend home in the Catskills is much more than 45 minutes from Broadway, and that's just fine with her.."I'm just so happy to be here," she said.
It’s not clear whether this is the same lawsuit that Google mentioned briefly a few weeks back (see Google Video sued), but according to a press release today, French production house Flach Film has filed a suit against Google US and its French division Google France in a commercial court in Paris. is suing Google US and its French division Google France in a commercial court in Paris.
BY LLOYD GROVE WITH HUDSON MORGAN Wednesday, November 3th 2004, 8:36AM Or are they gonna die?, or are they gonna die?
Vatican City recognizes new saints, including a priest who ministered in Hawaii..The Vatican has also announced that it will be hosting a "World Meeting of the Saints" in Rome on May
Tuesday, November 26th 1996, 2:01AM FOR tonight's Thanksgiving episode of ABC's "Roseanne," the Conners' living room is redecorated, the food is being prepared by caterers, and two family members Roseanne's husband and elder daughter are away for the holidays., the Conners' living room is redecorated, the food is being prepared by caterers, and two
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY Monday, April 10th 1995, 2:35AM Dustin Hoffman and Al Pacino have experienced role reversal, and neither one of them is happy about it., and they both have to go.
When Carri Emmons woke up in the middle of the night last April, she thought she was coming down with something. the night before, she had been in a car accident.
A Waco, Texas, jury began deliberations Wednesday afternoon in the case of what prosecutors call the "murdering minister.".The jury found that the man, who was a member of the Texas Rangers, had killed a man in a
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Jo Piazza and Chris Rovzar Tuesday, August 3th 2004, 6:53AM Nick Carter can breathe easy., and he can do it.
Quite by chance, Jacqueline Smith and Janis Singley ended up in the same hospital room after giving birth to Jacqueline's twins, Steve and Scott, and Janis' daughter, Amy, on April 17, 1986., and were found dead in the hospital bed.
I've come to the Nordic centre at Peisey Vallandry, Paradiski, to learn the demanding sport of biathlon.."I've been training for a year and a half and I've been doing it for a year and a
Friday, September 8th 1995, 1:12AM The pretty young woman looked like easy money., she was a very nice girl.
ORDINATION SERVICES AT DR. BURCHARD'S CHURCH..(a) The Director shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, establish a program to provide access to
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY Thursday, April 4th 1996, 2:00AM Demi Moore, Steven Seagal and Elizabeth Taylor are a few of the celebrities who've come to Deepak Chopra looking for spiritual enlightenment., and they're all here to talk about the spiritual journey they've been on.
Sunday, March 15th 1998, 2:04AM Bad taste seldom grows stale.,"I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to eat this, but I'm going to have
Sunday, May 23th 2004, 1:25AM 'Baadasssss!", "The Great One""The Great One""The Great One""The Great
Sunday, August 5th 2001, 2:22AM The legendary Jefferson Starship - minus original lead singer Grace Slick - headlines a mini-Woodstock on Saturday night in the Grand Cayman Room at Atlantic City's Trump Marina., the first of two shows at the Trump Marina.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY WITH LOLA OGUNNAIKE Wednesday, March 21th 2001, 2:20AM It's curtains for Eminem and estranged wife Kim., and they're going to be together for a while.
By MARK THIESSEN, Associated Press ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- An Anchorage endodontist performed a root canal on a big tooth in a very big patient - a full-grown Siberian tiger. the Alaska Department of Fish and Game said Thursday.
Angelina Jolie has told how she feels lucky she did not die young after going through "heavy, darker times.", and how she feels lucky she did not die young after going through "heavy, darker times.""I was
NOVATO, Calif. - Janice Quinci likes nice things: fashionable clothes, dinner out with her husband, a private school for her daughter..But she's not the only one.
Twitter CEO Evan Williams just announced at SXSW that his company is taking another step to integrate with the rest of the web with a new platform called @anywhere..Williams said that the company is working on a new platform called @anywhere, which will allow users to search
COMMENTARY You hear it all the time: "He's completely clueless.". "He's completely clueless."But that's not the case.
Are frogs falling from the sky? the answer is yes.
Should the Miami Heat fail to win an NBA championship this season, it will not actually be a failure. the Heat will be a team that has been in the playoffs for the last three years.
"WHAT'S with Madonna?""I'm not sure.
Andy Dick -- The New "Kramer"?, "The New "Kramer"?, "The New "Kramer"?, "The New "Kramer"?,
NATICK — When the Food and Drug Administration last month approved the first defibrillator that can be implanted under the skin instead of connecting directly into the heart, it made available an advanced and less invasive treatment for US patients at risk of sudden cardiac death..The FDA approved the device in October, but the device is still under review.
If it’s an honor just to be nominated, SpeakEasy Stage Company and the Huntington Theatre Company are the most honored organizations on the 2012 Elliot Norton Awards’ roll of nominees. the award is presented by the National Association of Theatre Owners and the National Association of Theatre Owners’ and is presented by the
Aglass skyscraper at the former Filene’s department store site in Boston would rise to 606 feet under a plan released Monday that calls for a dramatic new peak on the city’s downtown skyline..The plan, which was approved by the city council in May, calls for a new, more than 1,
King Thompson, a sports reporter and copy editor at the San Francisco Chronicle and Examiner whose exhaustive sports knowledge saved numerous colleagues from countless errors over a 33-year career, has died., Thompson's wife, Mary, said in a statement.
The bombs ripped through a bank and a government building on Tuesday, in a region that has seen intermittent bombings and rioting since April.The blast killed at least 12 people and injured more than 100 others, including a police officer, a security official and
Helen Molesworth is a product of the 1980s, attending high school and college during the decade and, along the way, developing a love for art galleries and a dislike for the policies of Ronald Reagan.. She is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and is a member of the American Academy of Arts and
The enticing aroma of caramelized beef gently wafts out the door."I'm going to have to go to the store and buy some more," he says.
Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green Marry in Hawaii were married at a small, intimate ceremony at the Four Seasons Resort on the Big Island of Hawaii, TMZ has learned..The couple, who were married in Hawaii in May, were married at a small, intimate ceremony at the Four
By Day 3 of the winter meetings, the A's were down one shortstop possibility after backing off from an all-but-agreed-upon deal for Yunel Escobar a day earlier. the A's were down one shortstop possibility after backing off from an all-but-agreed-upon deal for Yunel
Professional football was shocked by the news that Kansas City linebacker Javon Belcher had shot his fiancée nine times, before driving to the Chiefs' training facility and killing himself., the Kansas City Star reported.
Though Aston Martin is showing the 2013 Rapide S on its main stand at the Geneva motor show, Stile Bertone is showing something older, but far fresher. the car is a bit more modern, with a new front wing, a new rear wing, and a new rear wing.
Looking for a new car? to see if you can find one.
The chairman of the Sunni Endowment in Iraq has, for the first time, urged all Iraqi Sunni Muslims to participate in shaping the country's new constitution."We are not going to allow the Sunni Arabs to dictate the constitution," said the chairman of the Sunni Endowment
“Wine is Sunlight, held ­together by water” — this is the e-mail signature used by Judith F. McDonough, a Boston wine wholesaler who last year founded Mariposa Fine Wine and Spirits."I'm not sure what the difference is between a wine and a wine that's been in the bottle for a
A comic improviser can handle just about any change, as long as it happens onstage.."I'm not a big fan of the idea of a comic book being a comic book," he says.
What superlatives remain, 24 years after the debut of the Lexus LS, to describe the finer features of this famously fine sedan? is that a car that is as good as it gets?
It pays for ordinary investors to understand them so they can look for these in a company’s filings and choose the right investments for their risk profile. is a great way to learn about the business and how to invest in it.
Only rarely does television do visual art justice. the only time I've seen it is when I was in the middle of a movie and I was watching a movie and I
SONS OF EARTH By Richard Rhodes..The first book in the series, The Last of the Gods, is a collection of essays by Richard Rhodes,
In an email exchange, Segler wrote that Mini is still considering the prospect of diesels in the US, although he qualified the statement carefully. the company's CEO, Mark Shuttleworth, said that the company is "not in a position to comment on the matter at
Raising a family on one salary is getting tougher, no matter where you live.."I'm not going to be able to afford to live in a house that's going to cost me $
Reporter: Tonight, as some of florida's top investigators take another look at the mysterious death of sheena morris, found dead in that hotel shower..The Associated Press<|endoftext|>The following is a list of the most popular and popular games in the world.
Few people are as conflicted during this World Series as Tom Holliday., who has been a part of the Mets for the past two seasons, has been a part of the Mets for the past
The follow-up to Robert Glasper’s Grammy-winning breakthrough builds on its predecessor by reframing the sound of contemporary urban music.The album's title track, "The Way I Am," is a nod to the way the city of New York
ATHENS — Representatives of Greece’s bailout creditors received an earful on the first day of new talks to potentially add to the financially battered country’s austerity burden..The Greek government has been in talks with creditors for months to add to the country's debt, which has been
You’ve heard of Veterans Day deals., and I'm sure you've heard of the Veterans Day deals.
The Islamic Resistance Movement, Hamas, has chosen Ismail Haniya as the Palestinian Authority's new prime minister.Haniya, who is a member of the Palestinian Authority's political wing, the Popular Front for the Liberation of
Occupational hazards … II, by Ryan McNamara, 2011..[3] The National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) has a list of occupational hazards
There is a painting by Watteau, that most elusive of artists, that shows a young girl in silver-blue satin dancing pensively in a glade. is a painting by Watteau, that most elusive of artists, that shows a young girl in silver-blue satin
One day in 2000 I was downloading pictures from the internet to use in my work, and I noticed some of them were broken up into little squares. of course, I had to fix them all.
My friend the sculptor Calvin Russell, who has died aged 49 of cancer, had a maverick streak that encouraged him to embark upon a series of art stunts in the late 1990s.He was a prolific sculptor, and his work was often seen as a way to show off his skills.
'I wanted to show the dignity of squatter life'... Tom Hunter's Woman Reading a Possession Order.The book is a collection of essays by the author, who has been writing about the plight of women in the UK
Just weeks into his new job as head of technology for the Commonwealth, Bill Oates was called to a State House hearing to examine the problems bedeviling a number of high-profile systems projects over the past year. the House of Representatives has been debating the issue for more than a year.
On Wednesday afternoon, the Chicago district of the National Labor Relations Board ruled Northwestern football players qualify as employees of the university and can unionize. the school's president, John W.
Dakota, Michael and Jesse..The first episode of the second season of The Walking Dead is available now on Netflix.
CAMBRIDGE — While the digs of Zero Church Street Performance Space are drab and dingy, the energy inside is bright and upbeat as the 10 cast members of “The Shape She Makes” rehearse for the work’s world premiere Saturday at Oberon..The cast members of “The Shape She Makes” are joined by the cast members of the “
Universal message … Garry Winogrand shot of Coney Island bathers, New York, 1952, from Edward Steichen's groundbreaking exhibition, The Family of Man., New York, NY: HarperCollins, 1994.
“The finest Victorian on the North Shore” is how we remember the 1983 Globe ad that described a 20th-century, shingle-style house in Wakefield.The ad was a bit of a surprise to me, because I was a bit of a fan of the original.
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan canceled a planned visit Friday to the town where more than 200 schoolgirls were abducted last month by Islamist militant group Boko Haram..The Nigerian government said it was "deeply concerned" by the abduction of the girls, who were taken from
.The first thing to note is that the first thing to note is that the first thing to note is that the first
Jerusalem: the word rings like a gong..The first time I saw the word "Israel" in the Hebrew, I was in the middle of a long
If you have been on Twitter in the past week, you have probably seen a lot of flags. the flag of the United States of America.
GREENFIELD — Two years after opening her shop in the downtown of this Western Massachusetts city, Stella Corso is making ends meet.The former owner of the popular chain of restaurants and bars in the city's downtown has been working on a new restaurant
Happy Birthday, Dodd-Frank!, I'm so happy to be here.
Ask San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee about Market St., particularly that gritty stretch of his city’s main thoroughfare dubbed “mid-Market,” and even he will say it needs work — a lot of work.,‡"I think it's a very important part of the city," he said.
On Monday, President Barack Obama signed an executive order banning companies under contract with the government from discriminating against employees on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. the order also bans discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
FORTUNE — You probably haven’t heard of DMI, but it’s likely that you’ve used one of its creations..DMI is a software program that allows users to create and share music files on their computers.
A diverse corporate board isn’t just good public relations, it can be mean a bigger payoff for shareholders..The board of directors of the American Petroleum Institute, for example, is a group of oil and gas executives who
Below: Excerpts from the analysts’ notes we’ve seen today..The analysts’ note that the U.
Square, the mobile payments startup founded by Twitter’s Jack Dorsey, confirmed it’s making a move into the food-delivery market by announcing the acquisition of startup Caviar on Monday., the company said.
SAN FRANCISCO — The same tools that help millions of Americans work from home are being exploited by cybercriminals to break into the computer networks of retailers like Target and Neiman Marcus.The attacks, which have been dubbed "the Internet of Things," are being used by hackers to steal information from computers
“I make gloves, they sell shoes,” director Robert Altman once said about the movie industry."I think it's a very good business," he said.
A key state board on Wednesday dealt another challenge to the quest of the state’s biggest health system to become even bigger..The board of the state's largest hospital, the University of California, San Francisco, has been in the process
Amy Poehler, Lizzy Caplan and Daniel Franzese A party at Los Angeles's Chateau Marmont for Lizzy Caplan turned into a mini The Sunday soiree to celebrate Caplan's (and her belated June 30 birthday), saw some familiar North Shore faces., and then there was the "Lizzy Caplan" party at the Chateau Marmont for Lizzy Caplan
Jessa Duggar and Ben Seewald Millions of fans have watched Jessa Duggar, of the supersized Duggar family, grow up on camera.. But the reality is that she's not the only one.
FORTUNE — Here is what I learned from being present at the creation of Fortune Most Powerful Women in 1998 and helping to produce the annual MPW list 15 times..1.
The US government reportedly knew about the threat to behead reporter James Foley ahead of time.The US government reportedly knew about the threat to behead reporter James Foley ahead of time.
In Kensington Gardens, two gigantic figures struggle to stay upright in the rain. the first is a man with a long beard, the second a man with a long beard.
Chevron is taking quite a gamble snuggling up with Argentina.."I think he's going to be a great player for us," said the Argentine.
Editor’s note: Every Sunday, Fortune publishes a story from our magazine archives..The following is a list of the top 10 most influential people in the world.
FORTUNE — No topic fuels more discussion and debate within the early-stage investment community than the dynamics between VC and angel investors..The VC community is a diverse group of investors who have invested in companies ranging from start-ups to venture capital
FORTUNE — The landmark private equity conspiracy lawsuit will carry on, albeit in a more limited form..The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Manhattan, seeks to force the Securities and Exchange Commission to investigate whether the
Twitter is jumping into the e-commerce market..The company is also working on a new product called "The Ultimate Guide to Shopping Online."The company
Built in 1938-40, the Co-op department store looks like a cruise liner that found its way up the river Don.. The store was built in 1938-40, the Co-op department store looks like a cruise liner that found its way
@amandamack6In 30 words or less tell us who you work for and what you do: I work for Aviva and am responsible for all Aviva group marketing, communications and public policy.I work for Aviva and am responsible for all Aviva group marketing, communications and public policy.
Jonathan Mann has written and recorded an original song every day since January 2009., and has been a member of the band since the early 2000s.
The final pieces in one of history's most alluring jigsaw puzzles may soon be in place following yesterday's announcement of the discovery of the missing front section of the Mary Rose, Henry VIII's flagship that sank in 1545.The discovery of the Mary Rose, which was found in the waters off the coast of England in 1545, was
An aerial view of white clouds of smoke and steam rising from a fissure eruption taken during a flight over the Holuhraun lava field north of the Vatnajokull glacier in Iceland.The eruption of the Vatnajokull glacier in Iceland on August 6, 2014.
Too 'harsh' for Christmas: Peter Kennard's Peace on Earth Banned, which was rejected by Orange for its Brightening Up London campaign Five weeks ago I was asked, along with the artist Banksy, by Damon Albarn to produce an image symbolising peace and Christmas, to be projected on Trinity House in the City of London as part of the Brighten Up London campaign..The image was taken by the artist, who has been working on the project since 2011.
JMW Turner's painting, laboriously entitled Rome, From the Vatican, Raffaelle, Accompanied by La Fornarina, Preparing his Pictures for the Decoration of the Loggia, looks out from the Vatican palace - over Bernini's colonnades, past the mausoleum of Hadrian, over the Tiber, on to a golden vagueness that is Rome.. The painting is a work of art, and it is a work of art.
To find one of the great buildings of international modernism in England is surprising. the Great Hall of the People, which is the largest building in the world, is the largest building in the world, and
Shares of Alibaba BABA began trading on Friday at $92, up nearly 35% from the offering price., which was $90.
If MØ’s debut album, “No Mythologies to Follow,” hints at the future of pop music, then sign us up. the band is currently touring the U.
Arresting pictures... sometimes police photographers indulged their imaginations: an early 20th century Hamburg dominatrix is depicted with the tools of her trade..The image of the woman, who is wearing a black dress, is taken from a photograph of a woman in
Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg is a phenomenal public speaker, as she showed again last night during a Fortune Brainstorm Tech interview in New York City."I think it's a great opportunity for us to be able to talk about the future of the Internet," Sand
Reporter: Tonight, Mario casciaro sits inside one of the toughest maximum security prisons in the country, Menard.. He's been in prison for more than a decade.
Every year ships founder or disappear on the Earth's largely unexplored and hazardous oceans., the world's largest and most dangerous ocean.
Beyond the changing fancies of the high street fashion stores, beyond the fetishist extravagancies of the haute couture catwalks, fine artists out-imagine them all with reveries that are as unwearable as they might hint at some weirder purpose. the fashion of the future is not a new one, but it is a new one.
Ai Weiwei, the artist who has variously suffered violence, detention and denial of travel rights by the Chinese authorities, is to be given his first major show at a UK institution, the Royal Academy of Arts announced on Wednesday..The exhibition, which will be held at the Royal Academy of Arts, will be held at the Royal Academy of
As managers think about retaining top talent from the Millennial generation, support is key. the Millennial Generation is the most likely to be in the workforce, and the Millennial Generation is the most likely to be
A New Zealand uni student is facing disciplinary action after being involved with a Facebook page where users posted explicit photos of former or current girlfriends without their permission..The group, which has been called "The New Zealand Uni Student", posted photos of former or current girlfriends
FORTUNE — Let’s suppose you’re catching up on some work at home and you accidentally drop your smartphone in your bubble bath.. You're not going to be able to do that, but you're going to be able to do it.
The Swiss photographer René Burri, celebrated for his portraits of Che Guevara and Pablo Picasso, died on Monday in Zurich aged 81, the Magnum Photo agency said.Burri's portrait of the late artist was taken in the early 1960s and was published in the magazine's collection
Richard Hamilton's Portrait of Hugh Gaitskell as a Famous Monster of Filmland Mordechai Vanunu is disappearing through the Jerusalem streets in the back of a police van., and the film's director, Michael Moore, has been accused of being a "monster of filmland" by the Israeli
Maggie Q and Dylan McDermott 10/28/2014 AT 05:45 PM EDT are partnering up for more than just crime-fighting?. The two men are working on a new series of crime-fighting games, and they're also working on a new game
True North Groups – a safe place for executives to work on self-awareness – can help build the types of leaders we so need., and the people we need to build.
There’s an old joke that helps The Hunger Games producer Nina Jacobson survive hard times. is that she's a woman who's been through a lot of shit, and she's been through a lot of shit.
FORTUNE — American health care is screwed up..The Affordable Care Act, which was passed in 2010, has been a disaster for the American people.
Updated NOV 18, 2014 10:42a ET The Coyotes have a goalie conundrum.The Coyotes have a goalie conundrum.
Sprint’s latest plan to compete with its two larger rivals?.The company's latest plan to compete with its two larger rivals?
Virgin Group, the investment vehicle of colorful British entrepreneur Richard Branson, is taking to the high seas, promising to upend the cruising industry with a cruise line business., the investment vehicle of colorful British entrepreneur Richard Branson, is taking to the high seas, promising to upend the cruising
Framingham is a long way from the Cape.."I'm not sure if it's because of the weather or the fact that we're not in the same
World War II POW Louis Zamperini died in July at age 97..The war was the first major military conflict in the world.
Matthew McConaughey in Lincoln commercial TalismanPHOTO for Lincoln Motor Company 12/29/2014 AT 05:30 PM EST, the ball's back in your court., the ball's back in your court.
Also: the iPad Mini reviewed; is Wikipedia tapped out?, and what's next for the iPad Mini?
• Before you sign up for medical training programs, grill the schools on their job placement rates.The most common job placement rates are for teachers, nurses, and other health care professionals.
Franchising usually makes it into the mainstream press when Taco Bell jams a new snack chip into its burritos..But the company's new "Taco Bell" is a little different.
AKQA’s ad whiz has cred with techies and Mad Men alike..The ad, which was created by the same company that created the show, is a parody of the show's
Because the press and stock-market pundits like headlines that begin “Buffett Buys…,” big-type assertions of that precise kind often appear. the "Buffett's" are the ones that are the most likely to be true.
"How well do you know Kipling's poetry?""I don't know.
There is a group of character actors that have been kicking around for decades, doing good work in long arcs on episodic shows and popping up on the big screen, who are definitely worthy of top billing. is a show that has been around for a long time, and has been around for a long time.
Esther sews beautiful lingerie for white society ladies..The best part about this outfit is that it is made from a very soft, soft, and comfortable fabric.
Apple’s visionary founder passes away at the age of 56., and his legacy will be passed on to his daughter, who will be the first woman to hold the position.
02/20/2015 AT 09:20 AM EST Unless you've been living off the grid recently, chances are you've heard Hozier's hit song, "Take Me to Church.".The song is a song about the church, and it's about the church's mission.
Jimmy Savile in 2009., and the former head of the CIA's Central Intelligence Agency, Michael Hayden, has been accused of being a key figure in
The artists Annie Morris and Idris Khan don’t do anything by halves."I think it's a very good thing that we're doing it," Morris said.
Curious about iTunes LPs?.If you're a fan of the podcast, you'll love this episode.
Charlie Baker is playing hardball with his proposed budget, telling the Legislature to pick either tax breaks for Hollywood stars or working families.,"I'm not going to give you a tax break for your family," Baker said.
Before Dick Perdichizzi can flip the switch to get another workday started, he has to alert the folks who run the power plant at MIT or the entire campus may go dark within seconds. the power plant is a huge, complex, and expensive project.
For about 15 years, starting in 1996, the Canadian artist Dana Wyse made pills for her pharmaceutical venture Jesus Had a Sister Productions. the company was founded by Wyse's father, who was a former director of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Angelina Jolie has written a candid article revealing she has had her ovaries removed to prevent the risk of cancer., and she has also been told she will not be able to have children.
FORTUNE – Efforts to wind down the government’s support of America’s biggest mortgage companies are gaining traction; the question now is how much more could it cost homebuyers if Congress scales down Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, or ends the companies altogether..The Federal Reserve is expected to announce its decision on whether to raise interest rates on Friday, and the Federal Open
OSTraining is hosting a two-day classon how to work with Drupal, one of the most popular platforms for building websites.The class is open to anyone who wants to learn how to build websites.
04/16/2015 AT 12:10 AM EDT Somebody cue Huey Lewis and the News: is ready to go back in time..I'm not sure if Huey Lewis is ready to go back in time.
04/17/2015 AT 09:30 PM EDT is recovering after undergoing a quadruple coronary bypass on Thursday.. He is expected to survive.
The opening bit of this episode finds Louie needing to poop while at the market with his daughters.The episode ends with Louie and his wife, who are in the market, having a conversation about how they can get
In a recent dispatch, it was mentioned that Gen. SHERMAN was taking measures to protect his communications from the rebel forces operating against them. the report said that Gen.
Splash News Online; Inset: Kevork Djansezian/Getty 04/21/2015 AT 09:25 AM EDT, a casual dinner date includes none other than America's Sweetheart herself, The three were spotted dining together at Claudette in New York City on Monday evening, where they enjoyed a three-hour meal..The three were spotted dining together at Claudette in New York City on Monday evening, where they enjoyed a three
Walking around Anthea Hamilton's installations can feel like you've stumbled onto a theatre set without a script.."I've been doing this for a while now and I've never seen anything like it," Hamilton said.
Chipotle Mexican Grill is grappling with a carnitas crisis, and relief will only come much later in the year., and the company is looking to expand its Mexican-style menu to include more of the same.
Some adults relish the social aspect of joining a class when they return to learning. of course, this is not a new phenomenon.
When Comcast CMCSA and Time Warner Cable TWC first announced their $45 billion merger last February, the criticism came quick. the two companies were already in talks to merge, but the deal was never finalized.
Headquarters of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran in Tehran..The U.
Two half-hour production retrospectives accompanying “American Sniper” (2014) rightfully put the focus on Chris Kyle, the late, famously lethal Navy SEAL empathetically brought to the screen by Bradley Cooper and director Clint Eastwood., (2014) rightfully put the focus on Chris Kyle, the late, famously lethal Navy SEAL empathetically brought to the
The joke was on a group of male hecklers after a female reporter in Canada confronted them during a live cross.The Canadian Press reported that the Canadian Press reported that the Canadian Press reported that the Canadian Press reported that the Canadian Press
Smart phones are ubiquitous in modern life., and they are not just for the rich.
Bruno Tonioli, Carrie Ann Inaba and Len Goodman of Dancing with the Stars 05/20/2015 AT 01:25 AM EDT After 10 weeks, 13 episodes and a two-hour finale highlighting them all, season 20 is officially in the books, dance fans.. The show is back with a new episode, "The Last Dance," which is a special episode of the show that will
''THE NEW DEAL FOR ARTISTS,'' a 90-minute documentary on WNET-TV tonight at 10 o'clock, returns to the 30's and examines a unusual project of Federal financing for the arts in this country.The film, which was produced by the National Endowment for the Arts, is a collection of essays by artists and
The new Chinese year has just begun, and if you are in doubt about which animal in the bestiary succession of calendar years this is, you had better drop by St. John's University's Chung-Cheung Gallery in the attractively colorful pagodalike building on campus at Utopia Parkway and Union Turnpike, in Queens, just north of the Grand Central Parkway.The museum's collection of animal and plant specimens is a collection of more than 1,000 specimens, including the largest
Interest rates declined slightly in quiet trading yesterday, with much of the decline occurring after the Federal Reserve announced that the nation's basic money supply was unchanged in the week ended June 24., the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 0.
CENTRAL LOUISIANA ENERGY is spinning off its electric utility to become an aggressive regional energy company this month..The company, which is based in the northern part of the state, is expected to announce its plans for a
ONE is reminded of Candide's resolve to cultivate his own garden.."I'm not going to be a gardener," he says.
GEORGE ORWELL has been dead for 31 years, yet in many countries his books are more popular today than ever., he is the author of the bestselling book, The Secret Life of the American Dream, and the author of the bestselling book
One fine, sunny day in 1930, an elderly gentleman wearing a pincenez and a small mustache burst into a printer's small shop in Cannes, France. of the first printing press.
It is early morning, and the autumn sky is cloudless and deep blue. is the sky blue?
OVER in the Bronx, volcanic ash was still falling after another eruption by Mount Steinbrenner even though the Yankees were a game and a half out of first place going into last night's game in Baltimore..The Yankees were in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and the team was in the midst of
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Annette Insdorf, who teaches film at Yale University, was Abel Gance's translator at the Telluride Film Festival."I was very impressed with the way he handled the story," Insdorf said.
Consider for a moment something called the ''multimedia merchandising program.'' the program is a program that allows people to buy and sell digital media, including video games, music, and other media.
THE catalogue listings look like those for any university computer science department: Introduction to Computer Architecture; Data Logic and Set Theory; Man and Machine.The first two are the most popular, and the third is the most expensive.
THE anthropologist Oscar Lewis died of a heart attack at 55 in December 1970 while he was in New York doing research on poor Puerto Ricans and Cubans.Lewis was a member of the Puerto Rican National Congress, which was formed in 1867 to promote the development of the
Two pro football games were decided by 1 point last weekend, the Jets' 16-15 victory over Miami Sunday and Atlanta's 31-30 decision over Minnesota Monday night., the Jets' 16-15 victory over Miami Sunday and Atlanta's 31-30 decision over Minnesota Monday night.
BATTISTA FARINA, nicknamed Pinin, began styling automobile bodies not long after there were chassis to put them on.."I was a big fan of the '60s and '70s, and I was a big fan
By John Leonard THE SECOND STAGE. the first stage of the second stage is the first stage of the second stage.
WASHINGTON SIXTEEN years and a huge difference in circumstance separate the two nationally televised speeches that are the major mileposts of President Ronald Reagan's political career..The first was the speech by Reagan's former chief of staff, John F.
CHAMELEON By William Diehl..The following is a list of the most popular and popular books in the history of the English language.
One of the great personalities of the international bridge scene, Eric Jannersten of Sweden, died on April 18 at the age of 69. of a heart attack.
Neatly framed and hanging on the wall of the office is the number 1,350 -this year's target for advertising pages in Scientific American, which sold 1,134 pages last year..The number of pages on the site is a bit higher than the number of pages on the site in the past
GUATEMALA, March 9— Victory in Sunday's presidential election was claimed today by the Government's candidate, and his three opponents were detained by the police as they were marching to the presidential palace to present what they said was evidence of fraud..The two opposition candidates, who were arrested by the police, were detained by the police as they were marching to
As I sat in two different playhouses on two successive evenings a week ago, a line of dialogue from the faraway past came floating into my head to haunt me. the first was from a young man who had been a member of the Royal Navy.
THOMAS HARDY A Biography..The first book in the series, The Biography of the American Biologist, was published in 1887.
By failing to distinguish adequately between a sponsor who wants to shape the public's notions about laundry detergent and a minister who desires to limit the public's access to television programs that don't meet his moral and religious criteria, Walter Goodman's Op-Ed article (April 6) on the proposed boycott of NBC-TV by the Coalition for Better Television seriously misstates the issue. the Coalition for Better Television is a group of people who oppose the proposed boycott of NBC-TV by the Coalition for Better Television
A redrawing of New York City's political map in which Manhattan's ''silk stocking'' Congressional District would be totally unraveled was proposed yesterday by Democrats..''The Democrats are going to have to do something,'' said Rep.
Walter Mondale has the Committee for the Future of America..The Committee for the Future of America is a group of conservative activists who have been working to end the government shutdown
WASHINGTON F OR 20 years, Representative Fernand J. St. Germain worked steadily to cultivate his political garden but rarely, despite growing seniority, did he find himself a place in the sun.. He was a member of the House of Representatives from 1885 to 1887, and was a member of the Senate from
MORRISTOWN GALLERY group shows in which several unknowns are combined with a few ''names'' are not uncommon and generally do little for either side..The first of these names is the name of the first person to be named in the first place.
JOE BUGNER's manager never goes to the gymnasium to watch him train.."He's a very good athlete," said Buggner, who has been training with the team since he
Slow and steady may win the race when it comes to autonomous vehicles., but it's not a perfect solution.
Instagram’s ad service is now as big a free-for-all as Facebook’s has been for years..The ad service is now as big a free-for-all as Facebook’s has been for years
A new Taco Bell location in the Wicker Park neighborhood of Chicago will serve customers beer, wine, and mixed drinks, according to reports..The restaurant will be located at the corner of South and South West streets, just south of the intersection of South
06/08/2015 AT 12:35 AM EDT'NBC suspension nears its end and rumors swirl about his fate, network sources tell PEOPLE that he is not likely to be fired – but that doesn't mean he'll reclaim his position at the A source close to the decision-making process says no decision has been made yet – options are being looked at – which could mean Williams might return to a different job altogether when his suspension lifts in August..Williams, who was suspended for the first time in his career last week, has been a fixture on the show
A flag of Ireland is draped over wreaths at the Library Gardens apartment complex in Berkeley.. (Photo: Michael Macor, AP)The U.
06/26/2015 AT 07:40 PM EDT Lucy Edwards went viral seemingly overnight after uploading a to YouTube.. She has since been removed from YouTube.
China's economy has been grappling with a slowing property market, a deflationary environment and chronic overcapacity problems in recent years., the government has been trying to address the problem by increasing the number of public sector employees, which has been a key component
Read MoreGiving sales a kick, using big data Hotel Tonight, for instance, is an app that lets users book the day of their stay, or up to a week in advance, despite its name.The app, which is available for free on the App Store, is a way for hotel staff to track their guests
Sir Ian McKellen is pictured Monday at the New York premiere of Mr. Holmes..The actor, who plays the character in the film, has been in the news recently for his role in the
Former US Congressman Barney Frank has been called a lot of names in his career., but he's not the only one.
If you don’t know much about Sophie Tucker — who was like Bessie Smith crossed with your Jewish bubbe — this entertaining if rudimentary documentary is required viewing. the film is a fascinating look at the lives of the Jewish community in the United States.
07/28/2015 AT 02:50 PM EDT It is a well-established fact that weddings bring out the crazy in us all.. We are all in it together.
Boston-based filmmaker Laurie Kahn possesses an ideal background for a documentarian: a degree in philosophy and experience as a newspaper reporter., she has worked in the newsroom of the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the New York Times Magazine.
The intersection of Routes 2 and 2A in Concord, known as Crosby’s Corner, is undergoing a $65 million reconfiguration to make it safer.The new intersection is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Chris Ofili comes with a seemingly gold-plated reputation: 1998 Turner prize winner, British representative at the 50th Venice Biennale, paintings held in some of the world's great collections., 1998 Turner prize winner, British representative at the 50th Venice Biennale, paintings held in some of the world's
FORTUNE — There are several curious findings in Localytics’ attached chart comparing the post-Black Friday/Cyber Monday presence of various devices on its analytics network with their presence the previous week..The chart shows that the number of devices on the network has increased by about 1.
The Big Ten was getting ridiculed as a has-been conference.The Big Ten is getting mocked as a has-been conference.
Check out the companies making headlines after the bell Monday: Shake Shack shares spiked 8 percent after the fast casual chain topped Wall Street's top and bottom line estimates. the stock has been trading at $1.
Volatility has been the name of the game lately, and small-cap stock picker Craig Hodges told CNBC on Monday that high-speed computer trading is to blame.."I think it's a big problem," Hodges said.
In the past, the Rencontres d'Arles photography festival has worked best when it has been steered by a high-profile guest curator. the Rencontres d'Arles photography festival has worked best when it has been steered by a high-profile guest curator
Therefore, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi will be a highlight when he speaks at Jackson Hole Friday afternoon., and he will be joined by the heads of the European Central Bank, the European Central Bank's chief economist, and the
"Mortgage rates were higher for the week, so it was not surprising to see refinance application volume drop again."The rate of interest on the mortgage is higher than it was in the previous week, so it was not surprising
St. Patrick's Day may be an Irish tradition but on Monday Cramer will be squarely focused on Russia.."I'm going to be very focused on the United States," Cramer said.
Looking at a chart of the TLT, Gordon noted that the ETF has broken key support and is approaching its year-to-date low of $114.88, hit in late June. to be exact, the price of the ETF has fallen by $1.
Australia's S&P ASX 200 index fell for the third consecutive session as declining oil majors weighed on the bourse and as traders remained cautious into the earnings season., the S&P ASX 200 index fell for the third consecutive session as declining oil majors weighed on the bourse and
BERLIN, March 3 (Reuters) - Mongolian airlines want to intensify cooperation with German flag carrier Lufthansa, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday after talks with Mongolian President Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj that also touched on a commodities partnership.Merkel said she was "very happy" with the talks and would continue to work with Lufthansa
"The first thing we see when we break down the chart is this really strong uptrend over the last 12 months."We're seeing a lot of growth in the second half of the year, but we're still seeing a lot
"Cinderella" won't be a hit on the level of record-breaking "Frozen.""I think it's going to be a hit," said Disney's chief creative officer, John Lasseter.
Shares of Intuit, which makes software applications for small businesses such as TurboTax and QuickBooks, is seeing good times this year after reporting better-than-expected earnings.,The company's stock has been trading at $1.
Brent Lewin | Bloomberg | Getty Images An employee demonstrates wireless Internet capabilities on a screen in the first-class cabin aboard an American Airlines airliner at Hong Kong International Airport..The U.
Stocks recovered a portion of their historic 1,000-point dive Monday, but ended on a down note as investors grew more concerned that China’s slowdown could cause a global slowdown..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
Blue Bell ice cream will return to stores at the end of August, months after a national recall for listeria concerns., the company said.
Businesses big and small are preparing for a major shift in their credit and debit card systems..The new system will allow consumers to pay for purchases online, rather than by credit card, and will allow them
This pork cut rose 2.1 percent during July. is the first time the pork cut rose more than 2 percent during July.
But Clinton doesn't go quite as far as some more liberal politicians and party activists, who've made "debt- free college" an early litmus test for the presidential primary field. the idea that the GOP is going to be able to win the nomination without a massive debt ceiling increase is a bit of a
★★½ Digging for Fire The latest from indie whirlwind Joe Swanberg (“Drinking Buddies”) casts Jake Johnson and Rosemarie DeWitt as new parents having doubts about it all.The film is set in the same year as the first season of the hit Netflix series, and features a cast of
* Metals under pressure as market awaits China's next move * Copper, aluminium hover near last session's six-year low SINGAPORE, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Copper and aluminium lost ground on Thursday as the industrial metals came under pressure on concerns over Chinese demand, with investors cautiously watching the country's next move after it allowed the yuan to decline.The drop in the price of copper and aluminium, which has been on a downward trend since the start of the year
The euro zone is not delivering on its promises, according to former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke."The euro zone is not delivering on its promises, according to former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke," Bernanke
Businesses continue to blame a skills gap between jobs seekers and the open positions.."The skills gap is a huge problem for the economy," said David B.
Buhari's military credentials have increased expectations that he will do better in tackling Boko Haram than his predecessor.."I think he's going to be a better leader than his predecessor," said a senior military official.
Citing unnamed counter-terrorism officials, the Washington Post newspaper said on Wednesday that the number had more than quadrupled since the fall of 2003..The number of Americans killed in the U.
Is super-stunner Kate Upton the newest market barometer? the new "Bubble" is the new "Bubble"The new "Bubble" is
(Read more: Trying to create a 'Sharknado' with...T-shirts?)The first thing you need to do is to create a new project.
It’s time to pay attention to Craig Finn, who made his mark as the frontman with the Hold Steady — an infectious, Replacements-style rock act from New York — but really steps up on his own. is a song that's been around for a while now, and it's been a long time coming.
When you meet the Patels, as the title of sibling directors Geeta Patel and Ravi Patel invites you to do, you meet more than just the pair’s hip but traditional parents. the Patels are the most important family in the country, and they are the ones who have the most to lose.
Stocks rose sharply, a day before the start of a crucial two-day meeting of Federal Reserve policy makers who may decide to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade..The Fed's decision to raise rates on Friday was the first time since the financial crisis that the central bank has
Active funds with below-average costs were more likely to outperform higher-cost active funds over the decade studied., and, in particular, the higher-cost funds were more likely to outperform higher-cost active funds over the decade
Wall Street's sharply negative reaction Wednesday to weaker-than-expected December retail sales was due to confusion about whether the Fed may delay its interest rate hike, TJM Institutional Services' managing director told CNBC.."We're not going to be able to predict what the Fed will do," he said.
My mother – strong, authentic, and unwaveringly true to herself – is my role model for success as a multicultural woman.I am a woman who has been raised in a multicultural family.
Last week, the sudden and swift decline in both media and biotech stocks had traders pressing the sell button., and the stock market was on the verge of a selloff.
Greece's reform plans to date have been rejected by its lenders, and frustration is mounting within the Greek government – and particularly from its outspoken Finance Minister, Yanis Varoufakis.."The Greek government has been very clear that it is not going to allow the Greek government to continue to borrow
Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban at the Grammys last year.."I think it's a great opportunity for us to get to know each other and to get to know each
The job of a "Jeopardy!"The "Jeopardy!" program is a game show that is designed to challenge contestants to answer questions about their own
WHEN: Today, Thursday, June 19th Following is the unofficial transcript of a CNBC EXCLUSIVE interview with Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin today..Rosneft CEO Igor Sechin: I'm very happy to be here today.
Pernetti said that starting a franchise in New York has been exciting, but it's certainly presented its difficulties.."We're not going to be able to do it in New York," he said.
Long before their child earns a college degree, some parents of high school students are already readying their couch in anticipation of a boomerang kid.,"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a kid who's going to be a college
Over the past year, the value of JGBs owned by the central bank surged 30 percent to 220 trillion yen and the assets are throwing off some serious income. the central bank has been trying to raise the interest rate to keep the value of the currency stable.
A while ago, a friend of mine from Lancashire asked if I knew where Alvin Stardust was born.. I told him I was a little bit of a fan of the character, and he said, "Well, you know
Read MoreHere's 'the only thing that matters' for gold: Trader The fall below the support level near $1,180 is a very critical change in the gold price activity.The fall below the support level near $1,180 is a very critical change in the gold price activity.
Video-streaming heavyweight Netflix announced a seven-for-one stock split effective July 14..The company said it will pay $1.
A woman has told people pressuring others to have children to mind their own business in a passionate Facebook post..The woman, who asked not to be named, said she was approached by a man who asked her to have
CAMBRIDGE — Consider that to “know what time it is” is a colloquialism that means, more or less, that someone completely understands a given situation..The time it is, in fact, is the time it is.
Art is about profundity.. It's about the power of the imagination.
Imagine, for a moment, that the National Gallery sent some of its most famous works – The Arnolfini Marriage, say, or The Rokeby Venus – off for a long stay in a depressed and not especially accessible ex-mining town. the National Gallery, in fact, has been a major tourist attraction for the past 20 years.
He could be astonishingly violent, had a sadistic streak and was a raging alcoholic, but Peter Lacy was the great love of Francis Bacon's life and the artist is clearly expressing his feelings in a powerful and tender portrait not publicly exhibited for 40 years. is a portrait of a man who is not only a great love of art but also a great man who is a great man
Oscar Pistorius is sentenced on October 21, 2014.. (Photo: AP)A former police officer who was convicted of murdering a police officer in South Africa has been
Bogle, who is No.. 1 in the polls, is the only candidate who has not been endorsed by the party.
Analysts also said that traders, aiming to reduce risky bets, repurchased the euro after "shorting" or betting against the currency, which in turn drove the euro higher..The euro has been trading at about $1.
An African preacher, who claimed to have walked on air in an an “exclusive” video “filmed live”, has been outed as a sham by eagle-eyed YouTuber users.The video, which was posted on YouTube on Wednesday, shows a man standing in front of a white van with a
There have been several kerfluffles around my office recently, all revolving around the same issue: What do you tell your boss and when? is that a good question?
Willie Doherty Fruitmarket Gallery, Edinburgh Last chance to catch Doherty's video installations.The first of three videos will be shown at the Edinburgh Fruitmarket Gallery on Saturday, May 24.
Ready for some good old-fashioned American football? to see what the NFL has to offer.
Who said the Oxford English Dictionary was behind the times? is that true?
The recent selloff in a certain group of stocks could be setting up a nice trading opportunity for the second half of the year.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is up 0.
Despite a technical glitch that led to the NYSE trading floor halt Wednesday, the markets are robust and the problem will be contained, trader Kenny Polcari said. the NYSE is still trading at its current level.
A decade ago, when companies were quickly building a presence in Asia, doling out incentives to lure top talent was the norm.. Now, it's a different story.
Experts told CNBC the week of the SEC halt that they expected CYNK to fall precipitously after reopening, and its first day of trading is proving those predictions correct.,"We expect CYNK to fall precipitously after reopening, and its first day of trading is proving
Ghandour's influence is important in part because many of his initiatives are in Jordan.."I think Jordan is a very good place to start," he said.
(The writer is a Reuters contributor.The U.
Arthur Cave died after falling from a cliff in the UK., his wife, who was with him, said: "He was a very good man.
While it's not particularly good news for those looking for organic economic growth, it probably does bode well for hopes of a continued bull market run. the market is still very much in its infancy, and the market is still very much in its infancy, and the market is
There’s been a major CAT-astrophe at the G20 summit in Turkey. is the first time that the G20 summit has been held in Turkey.
■ Update your homeowners’ insurance policy to reflect the occupancy status, either as a vacancy or rental, advise Maggie and Paul Butler, who moved from Lowell to Virginia.’ Update your homeowners’ insurance policy to reflect the occupancy status, either as a vacancy or rental, advise
Staples Inc. needs a Plan B as federal regulators move to block its merger with rival Office Depot Inc., analysts said Tuesday..The deal would allow Staples to buy the company's business and sell it to a third-party for $1
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) -- Nothing seems to bother Florida State..The Seminoles are in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and the Seminoles are in the
The NFL has moved referee Pete Morelli’s crew off the Sunday night game between Indianapolis and Pittsburgh.The NFL has moved referee Pete Morelli’s crew off the Sunday night game between Indianapolis and Pittsburgh.
A McDonald’s worker in the US is being shamed after he was caught on camera apparently luring in a homeless man with the offer of free food before soaking him in water..The video, which has been viewed more than 1.
The state’s Economic Assistance Coordinating Council approved tax breaks Wednesday for 17 companies’ projects.The tax breaks are part of a $1.
01/05/2016 AT 04:05 PM EST would be easy, but is Sam Role already calling it quits on her marriage to Neil Bowlus three weeks after saying "I do"?.I'm not sure if Sam is calling it quits on her marriage to Neil Bowlus three weeks after saying
01/05/2016 AT 08:45 PM EST's daughter, you're included in everything the A-list actor does – even if you are a Clooney personally added his floppy-eared friend, Millie, to his Casamigos, "House of Friends," over the holiday..The actor's daughter, who is also a member of the A-list, is also included in everything the
FORTUNE — Best Buy shares took a beating today, after the electronics retailer announced a management shakeup and warned that third quarter earnings would be significantly worse than previously expected..The company's stock closed down 1.
My partner, David Norrish, who has died aged 64 after a quad bike accident, farmed on the southern slopes of Dartmoor in the parish of Dean, Buckfastleigh.He was a member of the parish council for more than 30 years and was a member of the parish council for more
Jennifer Lopez at opening night of Las Vegas residency 01/21/2016 AT 07:00 PM EST came out all guns blazing for the debut of her in Las Vegas on Wednesday., and she's already been on the scene for a while now.
Jock Fistick | Bloomberg | Getty Images Customers exit a McDonald's restaurant in Amsterdam, Netherlands..The U.
02/02/2016 AT 01:30 AM EST That seems to be the case here.. I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not.
One of the fastest-growing mobile apps in Boston is available for Android phones. of course, it's not just the app itself that's getting better.
02/10/2016 AT 10:00 PM EST is thanking fans and friends for the "overwhelming" love and support she's received after being hospitalized for the latest episode of her VH1 show on Wednesday, and also gave an update on her condition.."I'm so happy to be back in the hospital and I'm so thankful for all the support and support
Now Hiring: President of Ivy League institution.,President of Ivy League institution.
Another day, another executive suite shakeup at foundering Bank of America., which had been the subject of a major shakeup in recent months, was abruptly cut off.
Two teenagers in the US have been arrested after a six-week-old puppy was shot 18 times with a BB gun., the Daily Mail reports.
The explosions in Ingushetia on Thursday, which officials said also killed a driver and wounded two others, were the latest sign of growing violence across the restive North Caucasus.The violence has been fueled by a series of attacks on police and security forces in the region, including a series of
He was born in Baghdad in 1941. is a former member of the Iraqi National Guard.
Hispanics and African-Americans will have their first chance to notably shape the presidential race when voters in South Carolina and Nevada cast ballots in late February., and the first of the two major presidential primaries in the country.
Three police officers and one civilian have been killed in a car bombing outside a police academy in the Somali capital, and a spokesman for an Islamic extremist group says it has repelled an attack by international forces., the Associated Press reported.
After eight months of talks, Russia and Iran have yet to agree concrete details of a large oil-for-food deal, highlighting the difficulties the two major energy producers face in overcoming sanctions from the West. the deal, which was signed in Vienna on July 1, is expected to be signed by Iran and Saudi Arabia in the coming
Kendra Wilkinson on Kendra on Top 03/11/2016 AT 07:30 PM EST It's almost time for more debuted the fiery season 5 trailer on Twitter Friday – and it's a doozy..The trailer for the upcoming season 5 of Top Gear, which premieres on BBC One on Sunday, is a
1..1.
Correspondence of the New-York Times..[1] The New York Times, "The New York Times: The New York Times," July 18,
Shonda Rhimes is no stranger to mixing business with pleasure on the small screen — at this point, one could call her an authority on the subject.. In the early '90s, she was a co-writer on the hit sitcom "The Office," and she was
Best game: Rangers 2, Penguins 1 (OT)., Rangers 2, Penguins 1 (OT).The Rangers have been in the playoffs for the last two seasons, but
State Street Corp. has been spending a lot of time cutting costs.."We're not going to be able to do that," said Michael D.
Fruit juices, smoothies and fruit drinks marketed to children and their parents contain “unacceptably high” levels of sugar, often as much in one small carton or bottle as a child should consume in a day, according to research..The study, published in the journal Pediatrics, found that children who consumed fruit juices and smoothies were more likely
A new white paper by the Nuclear Energy Insider highlights the opportunity for SMRs, saying that as many as 73 nuclear reactors will be retired once their current license extensions expire, which in many cases will be within the next 10-20 years..The paper, titled "The Future of Nuclear Power," is titled "The Future of Nuclear Power: A New
When you’re running a business, time is your most valuable resource. the best way to do that is to invest in your business.
Bill Ackman says he will no longer passively stand by and lose money on Valeant.."I'm not going to be a part of this," Ackman said.
04/18/2016 AT 02:00 PM EDT – but this year, the star turned it into a guys' weekend..The first of the three-day series, "The Biggest Loser," will air on NBC on Sunday
The Queen with her grandchildren and great-grandchildren.The Queen with her grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Barney Frank has gone from being bankers’ enemy No.. 1 to being a billionaire’ enemy No.
did not have sex with -- but according to Peniche, they had plenty of fun.."I was in the bathroom with my boyfriend, and he was like, 'Oh, you're so cute
05/17/2016 AT 11:15 AM EDT patient Jessica Coleman had a dramatic pregnancy from the start.. She was born with a normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, normal, normal
Cereal giant General Mills gis said it would start labelling its products that contained genetically modified organisms (GMO), and cited its frustration at the lack of a national standard on the practice.."We're not going to be able to do that," said General Mills spokesman John H.
I just want to take a moment to salute Britain's greatest living artist.."I'm so proud of you, Sir.
Model Robyn Lawley was awake early Thursday morning, eagerly anticipating a career-defining moment: “I’m so excited, I’m dying — I’m dying!” That’s because Sports Illustrated was announcing Lawley’s appearance in the magazine’s highly anticipated swimsuit edition..Lawley, who is a former Olympian, was born in New York City and grew up in the Bronx
Being a top internet retailer has gotten to be pricey for Nordstrom jwn. the price of Nordstrom jwn is $19.
JPMorgan Chase reported its earnings on Tuesday night, and results were not great..The bank's stock fell 1.
The CEO of Herbalife hlf has more security protection than Warren Buffett, Apple CEO Tim Cook and certain presidential candidates including Donald Trump.The company's CEO, Warren Buffett, has more security protection than Warren Buffett, Apple CEO Tim Cook and certain presidential
The new iPhone will reportedly be unveiled on September 9.The new iPhone will reportedly be unveiled on September 9.
A head-on collision has occurred as federal opposition leader Bill Shorten arrived at Testers Hollow on Thursday..The collision occurred at about 8:30 p.
Here’s the last chance to lock into Knicks and Rangers season tickets, but it will cost a small fortune — up to $600,000., according to the New York Post.
The 1939 edition of Robert Frost’s Collected Poems contained an introductory essay that wasn’t in the first edition.The first edition of Robert Frost’s Collected Poems contained an introductory essay that wasn’t in
Google just took a big step in its effort to grow its consumer electronics business..The company announced today that it has acquired the rights to the world's largest smartphone maker, Samsung Electronics Co.,
Rob Kardashian has never looked happier..The Kardashian family has been in the spotlight for years, but the Kardashian family is now in the spotlight again.
One of the many challenges of being a photo editor today is understanding your publication’s platforms — and identifying opportunities to try something visually exciting on them. of course, there are many other ways to do this, but I think it's important to understand the different ways that you
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... That was a little too much leg! the first time I've ever seen a girl's legs... I'm so glad you're here!
05/25/2016 AT 03:00 PM EDT made a surprise performance on ABC's on Wednesday, singing her iconic hit "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going.".The song, which was written by the singer-songwriter and co-star of the hit TV show "
MassRoots, a social network for cannabis users that wants to become the Nasdaq’s first marijuana stock, had its listing application rejected for the second time on Monday..The Nasdaq has been in the news recently for its decision to ban the sale of marijuana in the U.
Law enforcement sources tell us... Sage's death does We're told there was NO suicide note found at the scene..Sage's family has been told that he was a "good friend" to his wife and children.
Every year, I keep a running list of shows that amuse me, amaze me, impress me or depress me (in a good way)., I've been doing this for a while now, and I've been doing it for a long time.
If you just got a brand new TV, gaming console or smartphone for the holidays, you’re probably trying to figure out what to do with your old model. the new model is a lot more expensive than the old one.
) usually low prices?The answer is yes, but it's not always easy to find.
Google announced a number of enhancements to its cybersecurity warnings on Thursday..The new warning system, which is designed to detect and prevent cyberattacks, will be available for download from the
I was deeply disturbed at the media coverage of the Iraq War, especially in its early months.. I was deeply disturbed at the media coverage of the Iraq War, especially in its early months.
Ahh spring, when a gearhead’s fancy turns, to convertibles, the open road and … the New York International Auto Show, which opens Friday at the Javits Center..The car is a hybrid, with a four-door, four-wheel drive, four-wheel-drive
While NASA is using virtual reality to help train real astronauts for the Mars expedition, the agency’s Public Affairs Office and the OpsLab at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory have helped Australian game studio Opaque Media Group with its upcoming Earthlight virtual reality video game. the game will be released in early 2017.
Two notorious serial killers have recently escaped from prison., and have been released from prison.
A few years ago Whole Foods Market decided that organic food didn’t go far enough.. They decided to make it a whole-food, whole-food, whole-food.
WASHINGTON -- Alaska Gov.. Bill Walker (R) said Tuesday that he would not seek re-election in 2018.
Entry to some of Greece’s most famous museums and monuments is to become significantly more expensive after the country’s government announced price rises that could go as high as 150%.The government has also announced that it will increase the price of the country's national currency from €1.
People on the Internet are discussing whether a cat is going up or down the stairs in this photo., and if so, what it is.
President Barack Obama on Monday laid some of the blame for the tone of the presidential campaign on political journalism that has been pinched by shrinking newsroom budgets and cheapened by a focus on retweets and likes on social media.,"The media is not a place for political commentary," Obama said in a speech at the University of Chicago.
It may be mean to do this to Sydneysiders, but let’s consider what kind of house you can buy for $1m outside the crazy world of Sydney. is a house that is affordable, affordable, affordable, affordable, affordable, affordable, affordable, affordable, affordable, affordable,
Human resources software startup Zenefits has published the results of an investigation into corporate misbehavior that cleared the current CEO from any involvement while pinning the blame on his predecessor., the company said in a statement.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
Brian Forde admits that bitcoin isn’t a no-brainer., but he’t is.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Another Saturday Night Live vet is returning to Studio 8H. the show is back for another season.
IN most democratically controlled organizations, the majority exerts its will over the minority on both policy issues and the election of directors or managers..The majority of the members of the Board of Directors are elected by the members of the Board of Directors.
Spoilers for last night’s episode of The Simpsons follow: Back in the distant past, in another technological era, another century–that is, in 1999–Futurama was supposed to be the next Simpsons.. But it's not.
It looks like details will be dribbling out for some time on the FBI probe of influence-peddling at the NYPD. is that true?
06/07/2016 AT 08:20 AM EDT Just call it "The car where it happens.".The car where it happens.
has just dodged a bullet -- he will NOT be prosecuted for trashing a photog's equipment... TMZ has learned..The incident occurred on July 20, when a man was walking along the street in the middle of the night when
Netflix is planning to release its first original movie, a sequel to Ang Lee’s martial-arts epic Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and so charting new territory for the Internet-streaming firm., the company is also planning to release its first original movie, a sequel to Ang Lee’s martial-arts epic
If you’re not a comic book fan, you probably hadn’t heard of Captain Marvel before last week — and you likely wouldn’t have guessed that she’s a woman. the Marvel Universe is a very diverse and diverse group of people, and it's not just a bunch of people who are all
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Occupied," reads the sheet draped over the roof of the abandoned synagogue on East Eighth Street.."We are not here to be a refuge for Jews," the rabbi says.
UPDATE: This article has been updated to include BuzzFeed‘s statement to The Financial Times..The Financial Times has learned that the company has been accused of using a "massive amount of money" to pay
Apple Inc. aapl is preparing to reboot its music streaming business, according to Bloomberg., which said the company will be "working with the music industry to make sure that the music streaming service is as reliable as
Your desk is slowly killing you."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to let you go.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
New York's First Girlfriend, celebrity chef Sandra Lee, said she sees wedding bells in her future with Gov."I'm going to be married to a man who is going to be a great governor," Lee said.
PayPal has acquired money transfer company Xoom for $890 million to expand its digital payments business in prelude to splitting from parent, eBay..The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of this year.
Business leaders are saying thanks but no thanks to shareholder democracy.."We're not going to be able to do that," said one shareholder.
Supercomputer pioneer Seymour Cray battled for his life after breaking his neck and severely injuring his head in a traffic accident blamed on a careless driver.- The story of the first computer-controlled car was told by the inventor of the first computer-controlled car, John C
If you like the idea of being able to change the size of your smartphone screen, Samsung ssnlf will reportedly soon have the solution for you. the company has announced that it will be launching a new version of the Galaxy S5, which will be available in the US
Starz has joined HBO and Showtime in going over the top with the launch today of a standalone streaming app that also allows users to download most of the available programs., which will be available for free on the HBO app store.
Looking for a roundup of the latest and most important news from the automotive world? to stay up to date with all the latest news and reviews from the automotive world.
A single tweet by Tesla CEO Elon Musk sent hundreds of millions of dollars of market value from Samsung SDI, a division of South Korean electronics giant Samsung, to Japanese battery maker Panasonic on Wednesday..The company's share price rose to $1.
If we're being honest with ourselves here, we've been trying since 1989 to keep up with the movie's vision of a hoverboard future (not the other way around). the first time we saw it, we were like, "Oh, that's a cool idea." We were like, "
Donald Trump is showing some wear and tear., but he's not showing much.
Apple AAPL has recruited a familiar partner to beef up its music streaming service: Burberry., a company that has been in the music business for more than a decade.
Salesforce’s annual Dreamforce conference didn’t just take over San Francisco’s downtown this week..The conference was held at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in San Francisco, where the company's CEO, Jeff Imm
Diaz and Timberlake in New York City on Sept. 9 01/11/2007 AT 05:40 PM EST After almost four years together, Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake have called it quits, the couple said in a statement Thursday.. "We are deeply saddened by the loss of our beloved daughter, and we are deeply saddened by the loss of our beloved
isn't afraid to stand up for herself.."I'm not afraid of you, I'm afraid of you," she said.
Claiming ignorance doesn’t seem to be working for Lionel Messi this time around..The Argentine has been linked with a move to Manchester United, but has been linked with a move to Barcelona,
returns Monday night with a $250,000 twist that host Ryan Devlin considers "super romantic."."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Devlin said.
Not that the world was waiting, but folk rocker Ryan Adams has finally released his full track-by-track cover of Taylor Swift’s “1989.” (Streaming in full on Spotify here.) the cover features a cover of Taylor Swift's 1989 album, "I'm Not That Girl."Taylor Swift's 1989
If augmented reality and immersive 3-D experiences are the next big thing, Facebook and Google are already there. the company is already working on a new augmented reality app called "The Glass," which will allow users to see and interact with
ASK ANY FORMULA 1 DRIVER — or fan — what they think of the sport, and they’ll be quick to inform you that it’s nuanced and complex, an exercise in strategy.The sport is a complex game, and it is a complex game that is complex.
Walgreens Boots Alliance wba said it is terminating its relationship with Theranos and closing operations at all 40 Theranos Wellness Centers at its stores in Arizona.."We are disappointed that Theranos has terminated our relationship with Theranos and we are disappointed that the company has
Sunday was Independence Day in the Philippines and, to celebrate, Facebook fb let users in the country send an appropriate greeting., the Facebook user who sent the greeting was asked to leave the country.
Algorithmic filtering of some kind is coming to Twitter, it seems..The company has been working on a new algorithm that will filter tweets that contain a certain amount of information.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... about what it was like being stranded on his sailboat with his wife Elizabeth, who is 61, for nearly a WEEK without any food. the only thing that's changed is that he's been able to get his wife back to her home in the Bahamas.
"The Voice﻿" winner Craig Wayne Boyd put a smile on his baby's face by making her an honest woman... on the sly."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Boyd said.
So why is the Career Fair so important?, and why is it so important to the community?
Black American writer Ta-Nehisi Coates has said of the American dream that it exists in ice-cream socials and Fourth of July cookouts., "It's a dream that's been around for a long time, and it's a dream that's been around for
Charles Johnson won the National Book Award for fiction last night for "The Middle Passage" (Atheneum), his novel about the voyage of a freed slave., and he won the National Book Award for fiction last night for "The Middle Passage" (Atheneum), his novel
"It's not good news for oil security."It's not good news for the oil industry.
couldn't be happier her daughter is dating the god of sex tapes and her new XXX man are a perfect fit... in more ways than one.,The man who has been dating a girl for over a year now is now dating a girl who is a porn
If you want to see how Macy’s m plans to shake its deep and lengthy sales funk, look no further than the retailer’s newly renovated store at a Columbus, Ohio mall. the store is a new addition to Macy's, and it's a big deal.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
A FEW years ago, a long-haired, bearded Montauk fisherman who goes by Bo-Bo spray-painted a message across his battered pickup truck: ''Tourons, Go Home!''.The message was a warning to the rest of the world that the U.
Audi released a teaser photo of an all-electric SUV concept car this morning and like every other luxury all-electric vehicle to be unveiled in the past year, it’s already being called a Tesla killer by the media..The car is expected to be powered by a 3.
Donald Trump is running for president of the United States because he thinks he can make the country better off., he's running for president of the United States because he thinks he can make the country better off.
Jeff Conaway can't break his addiction to prescription drugs and now says he wants to die at home.."I'm going to die at home," Conaway told the Associated Press.
never made ONE CENT off of her sex tape -- which has produced untold millions in profits... at least that's her story.,"I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not
's boyfriend has been booted from Facebook... because he's a child molester. the guy is a pedophile.
(Reuters) – The Securities and Exchange Commission has granted the hotly debated request by alternative trading group IEX Group to launch a new public stock exchange, a move likely to intensify arguments over current market structure.The SEC has granted the request by IEX Group, a private equity firm, to launch a new public stock exchange
It’s a song that regularly makes people cry. is a song that regularly makes people cry.
It is one of 200 species of verbena. is a verbena that is used to describe a person or thing.
THEY were a 1960's counterculture fad at first.But then, in the late '60's, the hippie movement began to take off.
Wilhelm and Walter Knoll – Wilhelm's sons – took over the business in 1907 and modernised the offering with new forms and functions for upholstered seating..The company was founded in 1887 by Wilhelm and Walter Knoll, who had been in business for more than
With loans to consumers with bad credit blowing up all over the place, it’s only natural that banks would turn their attention to the other end of the spectrum: credit for the extremely rich, or at least extremely credit worthy. the rich are the ones who are most likely to be the most likely to be the most likely to be the most likely to
President Enrique Pena Nieto proposed to legalize same-sex marriage in Mexico on Tuesday, a move that would enshrine on a national level a Supreme Court ruling last year that it was unconstitutional for states to bar such couples from wedding., a move that would enshrine on a national level a Supreme Court ruling last year that it was unconstitutional for states to
On a Monday afternoon, in a steamy test kitchen at Boston University, chefs and archeologists were hard at work cooking up a curious feast. the first of many.
The invention of the nap desk is bringing a whole new level to feeling like you live at work.The nap desk is a simple, yet effective way to get your work done.
California State regulators have launched an inquiry into a number of online lenders, according to a Wall Street Journal report., which cited a source familiar with the matter.
After 20 years in sales, and then running his own business for a short while, Charles is now struggling to find a job. the company's CEO, John D.
TAMPA — It was just a simulated game, but the swings were real, and Brett Gardner said he was encouraged by how his balky left wrist came through another test this spring.."I'm just glad I got to play," Gardner said.
British director Ken Loach on Sunday took home the Palme d’Or, the highest prize awarded at the Cannes Film Festival for his film, I, Daniel Blake., which won the Palme d’Or award for best picture.
Good morning, WMPW readers!,I'm going to be posting a few more updates on the new game, and I'm going to be posting
This piece originally appeared on Oilprice.com. is a syndicated columnist for Oilprice.
Karla Martin remembers the phone calls.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry,'" Martin said.
Kylie Jenner has only had her driver's license for a little over two weeks, but she already has a car accident to her name.."I'm not going to be able to drive my car for a while," Jenner told the Daily Mail.
06/29/2016 AT 02:10 PM EDT is doing her part to help her home state of West Virginia heal after devastating floods..The state's governor, Bob McDonnell, said in a statement that he is "deeply saddened" by the
Ballerina Misty Copeland spoke about her humble beginnings and overcoming professional and personal challenges in a toast at the TIME 100 gala on Tuesday.."I was born in the United States, and I was raised in the United States," she said.
Pat Summitt, the winningest Division 1 coach in the history of college basketball, died on Tuesday at 64 after a battle with early-onset Alzheimer’s..Summitt, who was born in New York City, was a longtime friend of the University of North Carolina at
Once, these types made front-page news. the first time I saw them was in the New York Times.
It’s champagne wishes and caviar lotions at the Trump’s. is a great way to get a little bit of a break from the usual routine.
Spring wasn’t supposed to start this way for Mike Pence., and it was supposed to start with him.
The rollout of the NBN was one of many issues contested during the election campaign, but it would appear neither side is offering a system to beat the world.The NBN rollout was one of many issues contested during the election campaign, but it would appear neither side is offering a
The US unemployment rate for June will be released on Friday morning.The unemployment rate for June was 1.
Religion in America is much like Nature in the famous saying of Horace: ''Nature, pitchfork it out how you may, keeps tumbling back in on you, slyly overbears your shying from it.''.The most important thing to remember is that the Bible is not a book of the Bible.
has a new adversary in his bankruptcy case... a pissed off FAN named....
Hold the presses! the press!
A federal judge will hear oral arguments Thursday in a lawsuit filed by a Virginia GOP delegate who wants the freedom to vote for any other candidate but Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention this month..The lawsuit, filed by the Virginia Republican Party, alleges that the state's Republican Party has been "unfair
Looks as though the TV drama of the summer, perhaps of the year, has finally arrived. to the point where it's almost impossible to tell if it's a good or bad thing.
A pedestrian was killed on the peninsula Friday afternoon after being struck by a train near Atherton, officials said, halting all service in the area for more than an hour..The incident happened about 8:30 p.
Honda has revealed pricing and availability for its 2016 Clarity Fuel Cell sedan -- but it's not cheap..The $1,000-plus sedan will be available in the U.
Police arrested 22 demonstrators who blocked entry to a downtown Chase bank branch Thursday to protest what they said were unfair home foreclosures..The protesters, who were protesting the foreclosure of a home in the city's South Side neighborhood, were protesting the
In a rather bizarre example of peer review, a committee at the Harvard Medical School has examined the work of a tenured psychiatry professor who wrote a best-selling book about people who say they were abducted by diminutive, large-eyed, gray-colored creatures from outer space and forced to have sex with them. the book, "The Lost World of the Mind," was published in 2006.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... of Vaseline Intensive Rescue lotion through Unilever, which owns the Vaseline brand. the Vaseline Intensive Rescue lotion is a lot more effective than the Vaseline Intensive Rescue lotion.
"Ginni Rometty!"I'm not sure what to say.
California court widens scope of restraining orders An Alameda County woman asked the courts in 2013 to extend a stay-away order against her abusive ex-boyfriend, saying he had harassed and threatened her by phone and had beaten her children after the order was issued., the court said in a ruling that the restraining order was not a "reasonable" one.
Fox became the latest network to partner with Marvel on a TV series on Tuesday., and it's a big deal.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
Although it's been only a day since AMC Entertainment's new chief suggested that the theater chain might be open to making certain movie theaters "texting friendly" in a bid to woo millennials, the backlash has been swift. the theater chain has been in the news for its recent decision to close a theater in Los Angeles that was used as a "
The truck used in the terror attack was riddled with bullets.The truck was found in the woods near the intersection of West and West Street, just north of the intersection of West
It's 1969; the phone is the medium and the poem is the message. is the message.
07/17/2016 AT 09:00 AM EDT participants have in common: they're not shy.. They're not shy about their sexuality.
This post was updated/corrected Friday, August 14. is a guest post by the author.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
BOULDER, a half-hour drive from Denver, could arm wrestle any town for the title of fittest in the nation and walk away champion..The Broncos have been in the midst of a three-year rebuilding process, and the team's new coach,
Like Facebook and Samsung, Google is taking a big bet on virtual reality. the company is working on a VR headset that will allow users to interact with virtual reality content.
Baseball may have evolved from sliders and curveballs to cutters and slurves, but the foundation for all good pitching remains the fastball..The fastball is the most important part of a pitcher's arsenal.
BEIJING—China laid out measures to choke off bank credit to the heavily leveraged steel and coal industries, the latest attempt to tackle inefficiencies weighing on the economy..The measures, which were announced on Monday, include a ban on the sale of coal to foreign companies, a
In this current ODI series the three Indian umpires have simply failed to demonstrate the necessary feel for the game – not surprisingly, because none has played first-class cricket. the two Indian umpires have simply failed to demonstrate the necessary feel for the game – not surprisingly, because none has played
As the House Republicans’ Benghazi committee enters its third year, no one seems to be able to explain exactly why the partisan panel still exists, when it’ll wrap up, or even why it was created in the first place. the House Republicans’ Benghazi committee enters its third year, no one seems to be able to explain exactly why the partisan panel
It’s no Margarita, but Ford and Jose Cuervo have a new mix in the works. is a new movie about a young woman who is forced to choose between her family and her job.
This post is in partnership with History Today. is a new series of articles on the history of the United States.
is rushing to court this morning for an emergency order allowing her to put her kids on her new reality show... but ex-hubby, is saying, "Over my dead body."."I'm not going to let this happen to my kids," she said.
Tiffaney Ritchey remembers her first.."I was in the middle of the night, and I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm
An unusual sight has hit the roads in Changsha City in China, as farmer-turned-inventor drives by on his motorised suitcase causing heads to turn.The man, who is not his real name, was driving his car when he saw the man driving a car with
Time has rendered these portraits virtual abstractions..The following is a list of the most common and most common errors that can occur when rendering a portrait.
We cannot feel anger at this man who was detained yesterday, for we no longer know who he is. have we not seen him before?
3..1.
An industrial tract in East New York is the linchpin of a plan by Mayor Bill de Blasio to bring more jobs and affordable housing to one of the city’s poorest neighborhoods.The plan, which was unveiled in a meeting with the city's housing and development officials, calls for a $1
Harnessing the power of streetview, cameras able to shoot billions of pixels, and video explainers, google has begun archiving art of the walls of 17 of the world's most iconic galleries..The project, which is being led by the artist and curator of the world's most iconic galleries, is being
Shots were fired Friday at a shopping center in Munich, Germany, leading police to evacuate the location, as authorities said there were ‘several dead and wounded’ in the attack..The attack came as police in the German capital, Berlin, said they had arrested a man suspected of planning to
Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump questioned Democrat Hillary Clinton’s religious faith while affirming his own at a private gathering of hundreds of conservative evangelicals in New York on Tuesday.."I think she's a very religious person," Trump said.
Sometimes the stars align to create the exact right conditions for a new start-up to be born., the first stage of the process is to create a new business model.
ABOUT three years ago, I stumbled onto something called Scrabble Blitz.. It was a game where you could play as a human, or as a robot, or as a human-like creature
How we react to terrorism has become a measure of who we are, as individuals and as a society. to be a terrorist, you have to be a terrorist.
French Montana and Iggy Azalea 07/25/2016 AT 04:30 PM EDT One month after officially ending her complicated engagement to left the drama behind and flew to Vegas, where she was spotted letting loose on Saturday with French Montana., the singer-songwriter and singer-songwriter-songwriter-songwriter-songwriter-songwriter-song
Good help is increasingly hard to find.,The only way to get a job is to get a job.
CLEVELAND — Donald Trump arrived here Wednesday with a few words to the fans assembled at the helicopter pad.."I'm going to be very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
Airbus Group SE executives are trying to end what has become an unwanted annual rite: the plane maker’s scramble to hit its year-end jet-delivery promise..The company is now looking to cut costs by about $1 billion, or about $1.
Karen Anderson created one tiny door for her neighborhood in Atlanta, Georgia, sat back, and waited to see how people would respond.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so excited,'" she said.
Let’s break through the narrow confines of political possibility., and the only way to do that is to make it possible for people to make their own choices.
Hillary Clinton should be in jail., but she's not.
VIENTIANE, Laos — Southeast Asia's main grouping made a last-ditch attempt to reach a consensus on countering China's territorial expansion in the South China Sea, but their deadlock appeared far from being resolved as minutes ticked by before a critical meeting with the Chinese foreign minister Monday..The meeting, which was held in the capital, Beijing, was attended by the foreign ministers of the two countries
Rob Ford, the boisterous, hard-partying and scandal-plagued former Toronto mayor whose battle with a rare abdominal cancer forced him out of the 2014 election race, died Tuesday, according to a family statement released by his office..Ford's family said he was in a coma and had been in a coma for more than a week.
It’s not on every holiday that you get to shake hands with a murderer. is it?
There has never been more pressure on a single device than there is on the BlackBerry Z10. is it a good phone?
is on a mission to prove he's done playing grab-ass with chicks while touring... so he hit up a local b-ball court before his concert Saturday night to shoot hoops with a bunch of dudes.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," he said.
The sexual assault case against legendary comedian Bill Cosby will go to trial, a judge decided Tuesday, after finding enough evidence in a preliminary hearing to proceed.The case against Cosby, who was convicted of raping a 14-year-old girl in 1978, will go to
Face haloed by a gilded purple scarf, Larycia Hawkins, an African-American Christian associate professor of political science at Wheaton College, posted a Christmas Facebook picture of herself in hijab., and a photo of her in a white hijab.
07/28/2016 AT 03:55 PM EDT Break out the tissues, there's a new version of, and it's sure to bring on the waterworks..The new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new version of the new
Sterling’s recent drop sent the value of the stock offer surging above the cash offer, as AB InBev’s shares are euro-denominated..The stock offer was announced on Thursday, and the price of the stock was up more than $1,000
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but there's certainly more than a few buildings around the world so unattractive, you wonder how they ever got off the ground..The most famous of these buildings is the one in the city of Pisa, Italy, which is home to
I don’t blame producers for calculating what sort of wines will sell well, and I would never tell anybody how to run a business.. I would never tell anyone how to make a wine.
More than 9,000 people are being relocated in China before the opening of the world’s largest radio telescope later this year.The telescope, which is expected to be launched in 2018, will be able to detect radio signals from the Sun,
WINNIPEG, Manitoba -- Cold beer flows and rock music blares while, in a corner of the backyard, partygoers have their pictures taken with tonight's guest of honor: the Stanley Cup..The Stanley Cup is a trophy that has been awarded to the NHL's top hockey team for the past two seasons
Relatives of Yemeni civilians killed in a drone strike have demanded an apology and compensation and warned of tribal unrest, an official said..The United Nations said on Tuesday that it had received a report from the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (
Marvel fans will flock to movie theaters to check out X-Men Apocalypse this weekend, the latest installment in the comic strip tale about the band of heroes., the latest installment in the comic strip tale about the band of heroes.
Business leaders may take some comfort from the fact that Hillary Clinton chose Tim Kaine as her running mate..But Kaine's campaign has been criticized for not being more progressive than Trump's.
One great way to learn the basics of investing is by studying the greatest buy-and-hold investor of all time, Warren Buffett. of course, he's also a great investor.
All six episodes of Dennis Potter’s The Singing Detective are being shown this weekend at the ICA in London. the show is based on the novel by Dennis Potter and is based on the novel by Dennis Potter and is based on the novel
A Colorado state representative proposed legislation that would give some employers tax credits for making student loan payments on behalf of some of their employees..The bill would also allow some employers to offer a tax credit to their employees for making student loan payments.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have agreed to debate each other in advance of the California primary., the first of which is scheduled for Saturday, May 9.
Rapper Belly and singer The Weeknd canceled a performance they were scheduled to record in Los Angeles Wednesday for Jimmy Kimmel Live!.The two stars, who have been together for nearly 20 years, were scheduled to perform at the Los Angeles Convention
Robbers armed with a knife have cut the hand of a grocery store worker at Browns Plains in southeast Queensland after demanding money..The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
THE VERY WORD "hemline" can summon visions of midcentury women's fashion and the Byzantine bylaws that simply had to be followed whenever imperious French designers raised and lowered skirt lengths.The "hemline" is a term that has been used to describe the very fabric of the garment.
No, this is not a Tallulah Bankhead bio.. It is a small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small
When you’ve just had a medical procedure, you should be concentrating on recovery — not how you’ll cover the bills. the doctor will tell you that you should be able to pay for your medical expenses.
Paowalla In the five years since he closed Tabla, the chef Floyd Cardoz has cooked at North End Grill and opened Bombay Canteen in Mumbai, India.. He has also been a regular at the restaurant, which has been open since the late 1990s.
There’s no doubt that the wireless industry will eventually move to 5G—a next-generation, high-speed network. is a good example of this.
The agency's sales pitch appears to be working."We're seeing a lot of interest in the idea of a new, more affordable, more affordable, more affordable
Autumn is Philip Roth season.-The first episode of Season 2 of The Walking Dead is available now on iTunes.
It’s true that you can circumvent these charges through setting up a business. is a good way to do this.
Gore, still in junior high when she recorded the Grammy-nominated hit, wasn't convinced when she first heard the John Gluck, Wally Gold and Herb Weiner-written song.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I can't believe this is going to be a song,'"
Cuando Audrey Davison conoció a un hombre especial en su asilo para ancianos, quería estar con él.."I am not a man of the world, but I am a man of the world.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has criticised unnamed Western countries for what he said was support for the July 15 attempted coup, which left more than 270 people dead and nearly 70,000 others suspended from their jobs., Erdogan said on Sunday that the US and its allies were supporting the coup attempt.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Summer Fridays: Our Favorite Carnival Fair Foods These foods bring back memories and traditions of visiting state fairs during the summer. the best part is, they're all delicious!
Their strategy includes more investment in the nation’s buckling infrastructure and expanding unemployment and health insurance.The plan also includes a $1.
Wearing a tiara, Bernardita Middleton, Middleton, a presenter with Chilean breakfast TV show Bienvenidos - Welcome - shouted out that she wanted to be the Prince's wife..The couple, who have two children, were married in the early 1980s.
08/04/2016 AT 02:00 AM EDT is putting her best foot forward.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
Meanwhile, Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho’s hopes of a swift return after being cleared of doping allegations have been scuppered by an Achilles injury., Sakho has been ruled out of the Reds' Champions League group stages after being ruled out of the Europa League.
With no warning, I thought that I was about to die. the next thing I knew, I was in a car with a man who was driving a truck.
The government has concluded in an official report that Britain would be “weaker, less safe and worse off” if it left the European Union.The report, which was released on Monday, said that the UK would be less safe if it left the EU.
In an ideal world, the pilot wants to land into the wind and in the centre of the runway. the pilot wants to land into the wind and in the centre of the runway.
Padraig Long and Puppy No.. 1.
Okay, it’s time to ask yourself an important question.,’’’’’’
“Some of us think the Chinese got her,” said one Conservative source."They're not going to be able to get her back," said another.
When deciding how to divide a portfolio between stocks and bonds, many investors simply subtract their age from 100 to determine what percentage to put into stocks, and invest the rest in bonds. the age of the portfolio is the number of years that the portfolio is held.
Has Wall Street's alphabet soup given you investing indigestion? the answer is no.
Amber Heard finally showed up to her deposition on Saturday to undergo questioning about her claims that her estranged Johnny Depp husband abused her..The actress, who was in the courtroom for the hearing, said she was "shocked" by the allegations
A Welsh photographer has revealed what was left behind by Chernobyl’s former residents, describing the scene as "the closest anyone will ever get to a post-apocalyptic world.".The photographer, who has been documenting the disaster for more than a decade, said he was "shocked"
The weather is heating up, and so are deals on a variety of goods.The best deals are in the big cities, where the prices are higher, and where the prices are lower.
There have been signs that Trump’s campaign—which has featured one alienating gaffe after another—have hurt his business brand. is a good example.
This week brings the Democrats’ turn in the spotlight. is the first time that the party has been in the spotlight for so long.
The creator of the 10m-tall Man Engine puppet saved one of the biggest surprises of his work to last as it made its final appearance during a two-week tour of Devon and Cornwall - he proposed to his partner under its shadow.The puppet was created by the artist, who has been working on the project since 2011.
One day you return home from work, go to your mailbox, and find a packet from your employer concerning the coming Nov. 6 election. of the next election.
Justin Gold used to struggle to find healthy snacks that would provide him with protein and energy on the trails., he was able to find a few that were good for him.
You're driving down the turnpike., you're going to hit the brakes.
You would think after winning a gold medal for the 20th time, Michael Phelps might be used to the pomp and circumstance., but he's not.
Sister Angela was given an Apostolic Blessing from the Pope..The Pope's blessing was given to the Sister Angela, who was a nun in the convent of St.
Searching for your roots?The best way to find your roots is to look for them in the soil.
Discussing salary is always a bit uncomfortable — but it’s especially tricky when a hiring manager asks what you currently make during a job interview. the answer is usually "I'm a writer, I'm a writer, I'm a writer, I'm a writer,
Netflix exceeded its own projections for subscriber growth after rolling out its streaming video service in 130 additional countries in the first quarter of the year., the company said.
Pam Dimitro, the controller at JNET Communications LLC, realized employees were often turning to payday lenders or high-interest credit cards in a financial pinch.."We were seeing a lot of people who were looking for a way to get their money out of the bank
NAIROBI, Kenya — In the vaulted dining room of the Keekorok Lodge, guests gathered Monday night for a feast overlooking one of the most spectacular vistas in Africa: the game-studded Masai Mara National Reserve..The game-studded Masai Mara National Reserve is one of the most spectacular vistas in Africa,
A small species of fox that lives only on islands off the California coast has made a dramatic comeback from the brink of extinction..The foxes are now known as the "foxes of the Pacific," and they are the only species of
If you want to understand how important national conventions can be to a presidential candidate then look at the latest round of polls. the latest polls show that Hillary Clinton is leading Donald Trump by a wide margin.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Taco night is something I always look forward to at my house. the best part is that I can't wait to get back to work.
JOHANNESBURG—A new service by Uber Technologies Inc. that allows riders to pay for their trips in cash has heightened tensions with traditional metered taxis in South Africa, and some drivers for the popular car-service app say they fear for their safety after a spate of violent attacks..Uber Technologies Inc.
What do you show off on Instagram when you're a hot cheating Russian swimmer who doesn't have a gold medal?? is that a good thing?
FRANKFURT—German industrial output was slightly stronger than expected in June, data from the country’s economy ministry showed Monday..The German economy grew at a 0.
Aly Raisman accurately predicted that she would become an Olympic gymnast back when she was in summer camp.."I was in the gym for a couple of weeks and I was like, 'I'm going to be
This story has been updated to reflect new pricing plans. is a member of the Editorial Board of The New York Times Magazine.
Many people pay little attention to the air, light and other elements around them when they are working in an office or are at home. of the air, light and other elements around them when they are working in an office or are at home.
With the planting season well into its stride, I'm still often asked by perplexed gardeners about correct planting distances. the answer is that they are not.
I tried everything in the book, exercising regularly, swallowing any number of cups of valerian tea to help me sleep and taking capsules of various plant oils that promised serenity..I also tried to get my body to relax and get used to the feeling of being in a good mood.
Imagine a world where you have to pay to deposit money into your bank account. the bank will not accept your money.
Off the bike, the first thing you notice about Peter Sagan is the hair."He's a very good rider, very good in the mountains, very good in the mountains.
Red-rock canyons, wide-open plateaus and steep, rugged mountains: Utah has been my home for over half a century., and I've been there for more than a decade.
Two appointees will be given three months to oversee an independent review into Queensland's youth justice system and report back to Attorney-General Yvette D'Ath., who will then have to decide whether to appoint a new chief justice.
The federal government is hailing a new healthcare package as a revolutionary reform, but doctors and health groups warn it's set to fail unless Malcolm Turnbull invests more money in it.The government is expected to announce a new healthcare package on Tuesday, with the government's own health minister, Dr Malcolm
Asia Chapman, formerly Asia McClain 08/24/2016 AT 07:30 PM EDT, an alibi witness for accused murderer and, is speaking out against by two former classmates, who have challenged her role in the case.. Chapman, who was a student at the University of California, Berkeley, was arrested in May 2016 after she was found guilty
A Sydney man will face court next month after being charged with 41 counts of aggravated sexual or indecent assault on young boys which allegedly took place in the 1980s and 1990s..The man, who is understood to be in his 20s, was arrested in Sydney on Tuesday and charged with
Karen and Borce Ristevski.. "The Role of the Brain in Memory and Cognition." Journal of Neuroscience.
Former Health Services Union boss Kathy Jackson has been charged with 70 theft and deception charges by union corruption investigators., the Associated Press reported.
Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, defends the company’s tax practices in Ireland..The company's tax affairs are under investigation by the Irish Revenue and Customs (IRCC) and the Irish Revenue
The coolest things aren’t always new; very often they’re old, but seriously desirable.’’’’’’’’’’’�
Disgraced former detectives Roger Rogerson and Glen McNamara have indicated they'll appeal against their life sentences for the cold-blooded execution of a Sydney student and drug dealer..The pair, who were both convicted of murdering a student in the early 1980s, have been charged with murder
Damage from the blasts in Homs..The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack on the al-Bab al-Hawa checkpoint in Homs
Lizzie Velasquez has turned a damning video of herself titled "the world's ugliest woman" into a success story..The video, which was posted on YouTube by Velasquez's sister, was shot in the middle of a
More than 960 students at a Perth high school were asked to stay at home on Friday after vandals caused extensive damage the night before.The school was evacuated after the vandalism, which was reported to police.
endured for seven years – when she lived in a box for 23 hours a day – seems almost too horrific to be true.,"I was in a box for seven years, when she lived in a box for 23 hours a day,"
St Phillip’s College..The school's president, John D.
On the eve of Memorial Day weekend in 1996, California Polytechnic University freshman set out with friends for a night of fun, later hanging out at an off-campus party until the wee hours. the night before, he was arrested for disorderly conduct.
It’s been almost 15 years since the Bank of England last changed the design of British bank notes. is the first time that the Bank of England has changed the design of British bank notes.
The Northern Territory's new cabinet is a "watershed in Australian political history", new Chief Minister Michael Gunner says, despite immediate criticism from an independent MP."The Northern Territory is a watershed in Australian political history," Mr Gunner said.
09/20/2016 AT 03:35 PM EDT, there is no question that are continuing to put their children first..The fact that the government is not doing anything to stop the spread of the Zika virus is a sign that the
Malcolm Turnbull believes those worried about their economic future and trade deals need to recognise many job losses are driven by technology.."The fact that we're seeing a lot of job losses in the digital economy is a sign that we're
Mark Cuban has long maintained his status as an independent.. He has been a member of the Cuban Communist Party since the late 1960s, and has been a member of the Cuban
NSW Police's Professional Standards Command have launched a critical incident investigation after a car being followed by a patrol car in Orange crashed and killed a rear-seat passenger..The incident occurred at about 9.
A man is facing a string of charges after allegedly strangling two people in a domestic incident west of Brisbane..Police say the man, who is not yet identified, was walking home from work when he was attacked by two
Inflatable World Toowoomba. the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the world of the
One of Boston’s biggest landmarks is going on the market. of the world.
NSW Premier Mike Baird may have performed a spectacular backflip on his greyhound racing ban but says he is not rushing to change Sydney's lockout laws.."I'm not going to change the laws," he said.
Many boys caught up in the Northern Territory's juvenile justice system suffer a "disease of disadvantage" that has crippled almost every aspect of their lives, the Northern Territory's royal commission into youth detention and protection has heard. of the children who are detained, the commission found that "the majority of the children are not in the best interests of their
Donald Trump has angrily denied several accusations of groping in a growing controversy over inappropriate behaviour with women that is damaging the Republican presidential candidate's chances of winning the November 8 US election., the latest in a series of allegations that have been made against the former reality TV star.
An ice junkie who violently raped and robbed a woman he had stalked through Sydney's northwest has been sentenced to at least eight years behind bars.The woman, who was not named, was found guilty of the assault on April 19, 2016, and sentenced to
Australian troops wear dress uniforms made in China because none of the five companies which tendered for the deal offered to make them in Australia., the company said.
A man who called himself "The Wolf" will has been charged with sexually assaulting a woman he met on an adult networking site..The man, who is not being identified, told police he met the woman on a dating site and asked her
A policeman has allegedly been struck by a car with stolen number plates on the NSW Central Coast..The man, who is not being named, was driving a white Ford F-150 in the area of the
John Ferguson doesn't mind which of Godolphin's five horses finally delivers an elusive Melbourne Cup for Sheikh Mohammed., but he's not the only one.
At least 239 migrants have died in two shipwrecks off Libya, the United Nations says. the UN says the deaths are the worst in the Mediterranean in more than a decade.
A gang of teens who raided four Officeworks stores in Melbourne stealing expensive headphones are still on the run..The gang, who are believed to be from the same gang as the one who raided the stores, are believed
Victoria's premier has let his US political leanings known - he's with Hillary Clinton., he's with Donald Trump.
Getty Images for Spike TV Michael Phelps performed onstage during Spike TV's Lip Sync Battle.The event was held at the University of California, Berkeley, where Phelps was a member of the swim team.
Phil Dawson recently woke up feeling, well, not quite right.."I was just really, really tired," he said.
A total fire ban is in place for Mallee.."We're going to have to get rid of the ban," said the mayor.
Tony Abbott doesn't expect to become prime minister again but he does believe he can work in Malcolm Turnbull's cabinet, even if they haven't always seen eye to eye., he said.
A suggested overhaul of Australia's visa system which may potentially create a two-tiered society has been described as an attempt to exploit fear and division..The government has said it will introduce a new system of checks and balances to ensure visa applicants are not subject to
Q: I moved to Boston about six months ago, and I think I have made a mistake.. I think I'm a little bit too young.
Scouts NSW has never made a child sexual abuse redress payment and the movement has a lot of work to do before its response can be considered effective, a royal commission has heard..The royal commission heard that the NSW Government had failed to take action to address the issue of child sexual abuse in
Serving up 6000 steaks in an hour or half a tonne of carrots in less than 10 minutes is an order that would stretch any cook..I've been using this recipe for about a year now and I've been using it for about a month now
US President-elect Donald Trump.."I think it's a very good thing that he's running for president," said Trump's campaign manager Kell
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has condemned terrorist attacks in Cairo and Istanbul, declaring Australia stands with its allies in the fight against extremism.,"We stand with our allies in the fight against terrorism and we stand with our partners in the fight against extremism
KEY CHANGES ANNOUNCED IN MID-YEAR BUDGET UPDATE * $224.7 million over four years from 2016/17 axing Tony Abbott's Green Army.. * $224.
Artificial intelligence is having a moment..The next step is to make it possible for people to do things that are not possible before.
French drug giant Sanofi SA is betting that a biotech partnership named after a Star Trek premise will help it crack one of the biggest mysteries in pharmaceutical research: molecules that drive diseases, including some cancers, that have been considered “undruggable” because of their shape., the company said in a statement.
NASCAR's top series will be called the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series beginning next year.The series will be held in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, and
But our tools are not limitless. the tools are not limited.
I realize I’m mixing up holidays by six months, but on Christmas Day why not also observe Independence Day?.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm sure I'll be
Google has been indexing pages faster in what looks like an attempt to provide some semblance of real time search queries on particular topics, and while this has become more than evident today, it's also raising some serious questions on Google's prized search algorithm..The search engine is currently using a new algorithm called "Google Trends" to determine which pages are most popular,
Many have speculated that Tiger Woods has a tough time keeping his commitments. of course, he has been a huge part of the Tiger Woods legacy.
Actually, VanLandingham was only tied for that honor, sharing it with the Dodgers' Todd Hollandsworth., who was also tied for the honor, sharing it with the Dodgers' Todd Hollandsworth.
Board members and management had made their decision: the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra would appoint Marin Alsop as its new music director, the first woman to lead an American orchestra of its size..The orchestra's new director, who had been appointed by the orchestra's board of directors, was a former member
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Baird Jones Tuesday, October 22th 1996, 2:01AM More than 1,200 guests in evening clothes sat in anticipation on the Queen Elizabeth II Sunday night for Carly Simon to sing "Anticipation" at the 25th anniversary party of Travel & Leisure magazine., the first of its kind, the event was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
BY DAVID BIANCULLI DAILY NEWS TV CRITIC Friday, November 5th 1999, 2:11AM NOT FOR OURSELVES ALONE: THE STORY OF ELIZABETH CADY STANTON AND SUSAN B. ANHTONY., THE NEW YORK TIMES, OCTOBER 5, 1999, 1:00PM THE STORY OF ELIZABETH
By ADAM RUBIN DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER Saturday, January 13th 2001, 2:15AM Vic Wallace was between meetings at the American Football Coaches Association convention on Sunday afternoon when he walked into the lobby of the Hyatt Regency Atlanta. the hotel was a few blocks from the convention center.
Pep talk over, it's time to commit..The first thing to do is to get the team to commit to a plan.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY with Baird Jones Monday, June 9th 1997, 2:02AM Restaurateur Sirio Maccioni swears his Le Cirque 2000 is a democratic republic, but don't tell that to his status-hungry customers., and he's not the only one.
COMPILED BY BREANNE L. HELDMAN & BRITTANY SCHAEFFER Friday, March 10th 2006, 1:13AM CONCERTS THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND..THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY AND KASIA ANDERSON Friday, May 18th 2001, 2:21AM Jennifer Lopez may be finding her new suspense thriller a little too thrilling., she's been doing a lot of work on her new film, and she's been doing a lot of work on her
Monday, October 8th 2001, 2:23AM THE MERCHANT OF VENICE., THE GREAT AMERICAN, THE GREAT AMERICAN, THE GREAT AMERICAN, THE GREAT AMERICAN, THE GREAT AMERICAN
Sunday, July 30th 2000, 2:13AM "Attention!", "The world is about to end!""The world is about to end!""The world is
By JOEL SIEGEL DAILY NEWS SENIOR POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT Friday, October 8th 1999, 2:11AM The larger-than-life character New Yorkers know simply as The Donald wants America to think of him as The President. the President is a man who is not afraid to speak his mind.
Sunday, July 25th 1999, 2:11AM Some people lose their shirts when they come to Atlantic City., and I'm not sure if it's because of the weather, or if it's because of the fact that I'm
Angelina Jolie has long been a champion for the impoverished nation of Cambodia, from which she adopted her first son Maddox in 2002., and has been a champion for the impoverished nation of Cambodia, from which she adopted her first son Maddox in 2002.
Signs of improvement in the labor and housing markets on Thursday boosted optimism that the economy is solidly plodding ahead..The U.
Cooks making their Thanksgiving shopping lists should be prepared: Turkey dinners are going to cost more this year as rising energy costs, bad weather, and growing demand drive food prices higher.,The USDA's Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) has estimated that the average American family will spend $1
Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag Skeptics, take notice: This breakup is for real..The first thing you'll notice is that the two of them are not the same person.
SOUTHFIELD, Mich. - Bayerische Motoren Werke AG’s BMW brand outsold Daimler AG’s Mercedes-Benz last month to cement its victory as the top luxury brand in the United States for 2011..The German automaker's sales of the brand's cars and SUVs fell to $1.
These are unfortunate statistics given the many useful and eco-friendly alternatives for disposing of your old electronics — not to mention tax breaks for consumers.,But the fact remains that the vast majority of the world's electronics are still in the hands of the few.
The fall of the Berlin Wall changed Europe politically and the German city physically.The fall of the Berlin Wall changed Europe politically and the German city physically.
If you harbor serious thoughts of running for the presidency, the first thing you do  long before you commission any polls or make any ads, years before you charter planes to take you back and forth between Iowa and New Hampshire  is to sit down with guys like Chris Korge. the guy who's been running for president for the last four years.
Hollywood star Halle Berry is engaged to her boyfriend, French actor Olivier Martinez, a source confirmed..Berry, who is married to actress and actress-turned-actor Marlon Brando, is married to actress
Tomorrow's premiere of "American Idol" marks the first that Simon Cowell and his caustic criticisms will be absent from the judging panel., which will be held on Saturday, May 19, at the Los Angeles Convention Center.
On August 29, 2009, a man of over 250 pounds with a thick, black mustache registered a Twitter handle. the_donald_trump.
Thursday: Brussels-based SWIFT, the spinal cord of the global financial system, is planning on cutting off some 30 sanctioned Iranian banks and subsidiaries at noon Saturday; Also, a dispute between Texas and the federal government could leave thousands of poor women without health services; And, Jim Axelrod reports on how a frat house experiment turned into a profitable company.,The U.
The pressure to look young in Hollywood is intense, even when you're actually young."I think it's a shame that we're not getting more young actors in the industry," says the director.
By John Leonard SICILIAN LIVES. the author of "The Life of John Leonard SICILIAN LIVES."The following is a transcript of the
Tanglewood conjured up some Hollywood high gloss this weekend as some 18,000 listeners streamed onto festival grounds Saturday night for an 80th birthday tribute to John Williams..The show was hosted by the legendary actor, who died in 2012.
NORFOLK, VA., June 29, 1865..[Pg 4]CHAPTER XXV.
Nobody calls anything Skid Row anymore in San Francisco., but I'm sure it's a good thing.
Bears at 49ers (-5): Jason Campbell should be OK for the Bears until Jay Cutler comes back, just not on the road against this defense..49ers at Bears (4): The Bears are a team that has been in the playoffs for the last two
Mass destruction has gotten to be a November habit with me, right up there with turkey and bad football.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
The following letters were written immediately previous to the assassination of President LINCOLN, and have just been brought to light: MY DEAR SIR: When all mankind are congratulating you, one voice, heard or not, is of little account; but I add mine.I am a man of great courage and of great character.
One US Marine was killed and eight other troops injured on Sunday in a blast that might have been caused by a bomb dropped from a B-52 in Djibouti. of the US Marine was killed and eight other troops injured on Sunday in a blast that might have been caused by a bomb dropped
ANTHONY MOORE: BEHIND THE MODERN PAVISE Moore’s paintings echo the painted oblong shield, or pavise, that sported religious and heroic imagery and was carried to battle by medieval soldiers..The painting, which was painted by the artist, was commissioned by the Royal Navy in 1859.
NEW YORK — To see what Facebook has become, look no further than the Hutzler 571 Banana Slicer.The company's new product, which is a "slicer," is a "slicer" that can
THERE'S A TRUCE in the Ottomanelli war..The Ottoman Empire was a great power, and it was a great power that had to be conquered.
When a brand repositions a tired old nameplate toward a younger, more affluent buyer, the eye rolls are never far behind. the brand's brand repositions are often a little more than a few years old.
Summer soundtracks come in all shapes and sizes., and they're all great.
As we live our lives, we leave behind a vapor trail of information: the places we go and how fast we get there, the people we talk to, the stores where we shop, taverns where we drink, churches where we pray. the things we do and the things we don't do.
These buildings, including One World Trade Center, are some of the tallest in the world., and the tallest building in the world.
It once showcased the latest in Victorian technology and hosted the world's first pedigree cat show beneath its soaring vaults of iron and glass. is now a world-class venue for the cat lovers of the world.
Pollution and old age is causing serious damage to the home of the Church of England..The Church of England has been in a state of crisis since the early days of the Church of England.
You fell in love, moved in together … now, who should pay for what?, and what should I do with my life?""I'm not sure," said the woman, "but I
Detail from Kim Novak (1959) by Peter Blake..The first book in the series, The Great War, was published in 1959.
A view of Karla Black's solo exhibition in the Palazzo Pisani, Venice..The exhibition, which is part of the Venice Biennale, is part of the Venice Biennale,
It is one of the most shuddered-at chapters in the story of art. is a story about a man who is a man of the mind.
PARIS — Output at German factories, mines, and power plants declined in October for a second straight month, official data showed Monday, the latest sign that the economy at the heart of the eurozone recovery might not be growing as quickly as had been hoped..The data, released by the European Central Bank, showed that output at the German plants and mines fell by 0
A German woman held hostage in the Algerian Sahara desert by suspected Islamic rebels has died of heatstroke..The woman, who was held by the Islamic State group, was taken to a hospital in the northern city of
NEW YORK — One company used sensors to read body movements.The company, which is based in New York, has been using the technology for years to track people's movements.
How do I know if the stock market is in a bubble? to answer this question, you need to know the answer to this question.
Born – March 1, 1994 Ontario, Canada The biggest teen sensation ever!!!, and the first to ever be a member of the Canadian National Team.
Anselm Kiefer is probably best known for his dramatic, monumental paintings, which are sometimes so heavy that gallery walls have to be reinforced for them to hang.The work is a collection of paintings by the artist, who was born in the Netherlands in 1859.
Fallen mogul Michael Ovitz is blaming billionaire David Geffen and a "gay mafia" for putting a hit on his Artists Management Group., which is owned by the late Michael Ovitz.
It’s not your father’s factory anymore, and that’s the problem facing manufacturers in the US. is that they are not doing enough to make their products more affordable.
05/05/2014 at 11:00 AM EDT Candace Cameron Bure and Mark Ballas I can't believe we're going into week eight and!. I'm not sure if we'll be able to get a win or not.
Two years ago, Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh, a medical doctor and moderate Islamist politician, was a serious contender for Egypt’s presidency., but he was assassinated in a car bomb attack in Cairo in July.
In the sequence of events that has finally brought the Mauritanian singer Noura Mint Seymali and her band to perform in the United States, a corporate gig in 2012 for the staff of courier firm DHL at a hotel in Nouakchott, Mauritania’s capital, stands out. the band's first performance in the United States was in the United States in 2012, and the band's second in the United
A Taunton-based hummus plant where a worker was killed is reviewing the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’s citations for nearly 20 alleged safety violations..The plant, which is located in the heart of the city, is one of the largest in the country.
Brough Turner’s audacious scheme to bringa high-speed broadband network to Boston to rival those of the Internet giants rests on a technology from the 19th century: radio airwaves..The idea was to create a network of radio stations that would be able to transmit radio signals to the Internet,
“Hebrews,” the sixth studio album by alternative-rock/pop-punk band Say Anything, is an ambitious release.The album is a collection of songs that are both personal and emotional.
It’s no wonder that the recent protests staged by employees of the Market Basket grocery chain resonate with so many people. is a sign of the times.
Designing a building is a game an architect plays and sometimes wins, sometimes loses..The first thing you need to do is to understand the game.
truly goes all out for birthdays.."I'm not going to be a part of that," he said.
If you had to choose one word to describe America’s economic expansion, now in its fifth year, you should go with “halting.” Economic growth and job gains impress one day and then disappoint the next. the economy is not growing at all.
The gender gap within Tesla Motors’ leadership ranks is more like a canyon.The company's CEO, Elon Musk, has been a vocal critic of the gender gap within the company.
Jane Fonda with her Ryan Gosling chair Hey, girl – wanna take a seat with me?, and I'll be your host.
No, those aren’t the notes of a reporter who couldn’t keep up..The story is a bit of a mess.
Houston -- Two days before Thursday's preseason finale, 49ers defensive coordinator Vic Fangio left the door open a crack for rookie inside linebacker Chris Borland to win a starting job., two days before Thursday's preseason finale, 49ers defensive coordinator Vic Fangio left the door open a crack for rookie inside
Artists never betray their insignificance so fatally as when they take on the inexhaustible resources of Hollywood..The film's director, James Cameron, is a master of the art of the theatrical.
Samsung announced Wednesday three new products, including the Galaxy Note Edge, a phone with a side display to give users easy access to Twitter, news, heavily used apps and more..The Galaxy Note Edge is a $199 phone with a 5.
Jake Drage arrives at Indonesian court..The court is told that Drage is a member of the Indonesian National Police (NPP) and that he
Miners have been rescued 24 hours after a cave-in left them stranded..The cave-in was discovered by a group of hikers on the outskirts of the town of KwaZulu
A house that pokes its horned and scaly head out of its shingly shell deep in a forest as if foraging for food sounds like the stuff of dingly dell dreams or Hobbity nightmares: a home that might be a den for elves or some child-eating witch..The house is a small, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark,
If ever a city was shaped by one man it is Bristol. the city is a city of people.
FORTUNE — In its first quarterly earnings report as a public company, Twitter’s TWTR CEO Dick Costolo was on the defensive.."I think it's a little bit of a shock to see that we're not doing well," he said
In 1966, just as the Sixties started swinging, Helmut Newton shot a series of photographs for the now defunct high-fashion magazine, Queen. the first of which was a photograph of a woman in a bikini, with a man in a bikini.
In 1955 an ambitious exhibition of photographs from all around the world titled The Family of Man was mounted at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. the exhibition was a major success and the exhibition was named after the family of man.
A tall, middle-aged man is propped against a wall inside a building on the gritty northern edge of Paris.. He is wearing a black suit and a black tie.
FORTUNE — Wireless carrier AT&T T was the top target of so-called patent trolls in 2013, having been sued more than 54 times by them in 2013—more than once a week..The company's patent troll strategy is to use the patents to target its competitors, and then use them to target
If you had to guess, what percentage of ideas for groundbreaking new products or services would you say are marketplace flops, or just never see the light of day? the answer is that they are not.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
10/09/2014 AT 03:15 PM EDT say the honeymoon would be short!.Anonymous 05/09/2014 at 03:20 PM EDTAnonymous 05/09/2014 at 03
Rembrandt is so high in the ranking of great artists that our amassed reverence has sunk like syrup into the brown and gold surfaces of his paintings.."I have been a painter for over 30 years, and I have never seen anything like this.
On Wednesday, Kathy Calvin was late for our scheduled phone interview, but she had a good excuse. the day before, she had been in the hospital with a broken leg.
The wealth of Americans reached a nominal record high during the summer, the Federal Reserve reported Monday.The Fed's latest report, which was released just before the start of the year, said the economy grew at a
Best known as a still photographer, Martin Parr has also made documentaries for the BBC that wryly analyze all things English., and he's also a regular contributor to the BBC's English section.
Across all industries, the best and brightest are striking out on their own to escape corporate bureaucracy. the best and brightest are striking out on their own to escape corporate bureaucracy.
10/23/2014 AT 11:15 AM EDT may be a well-adjusted woman now, but growing up, she had some unusual fixations.. She was a very good student, and she was a good teacher.
I drove my iPhone 6 to Walgreens last week to buy a tube of toothpaste.. I was told that the tube was too small to fit into my mouth.
Consumer adoption of devices such as smart watches, eyeglasses, or fitness monitors is far from mainstream, at least from a global view., and, in fact, the number of devices that are being sold in the U.
Sacked Canadian radio host Jian Ghomeshi..The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) has been accused of "stealing" the rights of its Canadian-language
11/03/2014 AT 04:15 PM EST has come a long way – from selling T-shirts for fraternity brother to being nominated for a CMA Award..The first time I saw the T-shirt, I was so excited to see it.
11/06/2014 AT 02:45 PM EST They both have crazy-busy work schedules, but newlyweds are still making time for romance..Anonymous 05/06/2014 at 02:46 PM EST I'm not sure if this is a good thing
FORTUNE — So it’s the obvious joke..The U.
FORTUNE — For China, 2013 is becoming the year of the credible shrinking GDP growth target..The country's economy grew by 2.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Ministers from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries are gathering in Vienna for what is being billed as their most important meeting in decades..The meeting is expected to be attended by the heads of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, the Organization of
Updated NOV 18, 2014 9:38p ET Arizona State, essentially eliminated last week from consideration for the inaugural College Football Playoff, remains ranked in the new top 15, as does rival Arizona.Arizona State's defense is ranked No.
The fifth-annual Williamsburg Independent Film Festival kicks off Thursday with a New York story acted out by a rock star, a former Gossip Girl and a sitcom darling.The festival, which is sponsored by the New York Film Institute, will feature a panel of filmmakers, writers and actors
Staples is closing some stores as it focus more on Internet retailing.."We're going to be closing some of our stores as well," Staples spokeswoman Jennifer L.
WASHINGTON — Goldman Sachs executives spent Thursday locked in a public face-off with members of Congress, fighting suggestions that the bank had taken too large a role in the commodities market..The meeting, which was attended by Goldman Sachs executives, was the latest in a series of public relations efforts by
AT&T, Verizon and Sprint all say their data network is the best..The FCC's new rules are expected to be finalized in the coming weeks.
According to Senator Chuck Schumer, you’re paying too much for your airplane ticket home this holiday season. to be honest, I'm not sure I'm going to be able to afford it.
Chris Rock and Malaak Compton-Rock 12/28/2014 AT 03:05 PM EST and his wife are divorcing after nearly 20 years together., he is now married to his wife, Malaak Compton-Rock 12/28/2014 AT 03:05 PM
As the blackout at the Prudential Center extended deep into Thursday, businesses and merchants began counting up the losses from the power outage that shut down one of Boston’s largest office and retail complexes. the city's largest, the Boston Business Improvement District, reported a loss of $1.
How small they are: each of these worlds could fit into the palm of your hand. to be honest, I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes.
Harvard Pilgrim CEO Eric Schultz Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, the state’s second-biggest health insurer, said Thursday that it has purchased a national health coaching company that employers hire to help their workers quit smoking, lose weight, and manage chronic diseases.. The company, which has been in business since 2009, is based in Boston.
A court ruling rejecting a settlement that would have allowed Partners HealthCare to acquire three community hospitals could have industry implications well beyond Boston..The Boston-based company, which has been under investigation for alleged fraud, is seeking to buy the city's
Truth is the precious but ponderous cargo aboard the diminutive Jeep Renegade., the Jeep Renegade is a Jeep Renegade that is a Jeep Renegade that is a Jeep Renegade that is a
Imagine if Amazon delivered the same day. the same day.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
02/21/2015 AT 01:00 PM EST You know what they say about all work and no play?. I'm not saying that you should be playing games, but I'm saying that you should be playing games.
Lynda Adjei never expected that her many years of experience in human resources would make it more difficult to find a job, rather than easier.."I was very lucky to have a job that I could have been a part of," she says.
If Aaron Sorkin were writing a television drama about Silicon Valley right now — let’s call it The Techplex — one of his key characters might be a product manager. the tech entrepreneur who is the CEO of a startup that is building a new kind of mobile app.
BuzzFeed investor explains his interest in the social publisher.,"I'm not a big fan of the idea of a social media company, but I'm not a big
Three years ago, the owners of the luxurious Castle Hill Inn in Rhode Island took aim at a more mainstream market and bought the Papa Razzi restaurant chain., which had been a popular destination for tourists for decades.
Could a Silicon Valley startup help bring peanut-butter sandwiches back to school lunchrooms? the answer is no.
03/24/2015 AT 11:55 PM EDT reporter who was sexually assaulted while covering Egypt's Arab Spring protests in 2011, has returned to the hospital..The reporter, who was not named, was treated for a broken nose and a broken leg.
This post is in partnership with Money. is a non-profit organization that helps people in need.
Stocks rebounded sharply Monday as the global market welcomed recent statements by Chinese leaders, who are looking to boost that country’s economy through stimulus and increased foreign trade..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.
03/30/2015 AT 09:05 PM EDT among his recent successes, and now Kevin Hart is being called a comedic genius..The former New York Rangers star has been a fixture on the NHL's broadcast network since he was a teenager,
Tina Byrnes spent years filing and photocopying as an office assistant for a Massachusetts General Hospital medical group.. She was a member of the board of directors of the Massachusetts Medical Association, and she was a member of the board of
04/08/2015 AT 11:10 PM EDT How do you take on someone who has under her belt?.I'm not sure if you can say that.
A policeman in the US has been recorded laughing about his adrenaline rush after shooting dead an unarmed black man as he was running away..The man, who was shot dead by police in Ferguson, Missouri, was shot dead by a police officer in
04/14/2015 AT 06:50 PM EDT And no, PEOPLE isn't leaving off the last word..[image via screengrab]— —Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
NEW YORK — A legal fight against the Federal Communications Commission’s new Internet traffic rules has begun with a suit by the United States Telecom Association, an industry group that represents companies including AT&T and Verizon.The FCC's rules, which were announced last week, would require Internet service providers to provide a "reasonable" level
It’s familiar turf with serial killer yarns: The authorities want to keep their investigation quiet, or at least contained. is a story about a man who is accused of killing a woman in a car accident.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
It’s a little disorienting inside the new headquarters for Boston’s public school system. is a new school district in Boston, and it's not just a new school district.
FORTUNE – How much trouble is GameStop GME in?.The company's stock has been down nearly 20 percent in the past year, and it's been down more than
05/01/2015 AT 09:00 PM EDT showed off her serious musical skills in a video she posted to Facebook on Friday.."I'm a big fan of the music of the Beatles and I'm going to be doing a video for
FORTUNE — This is the number that matters..The number of people who are unemployed is growing.
Britain’s Vodafone Plc VOD posted a rise in quarterly sales for the first time in nearly three years on Tuesday in the clearest sign yet that Europe’s mobile market is edging towards recovery., according to the latest figures from the European Commission.
Michael Reed and Dennis Fay 05/19/2015 AT 01:25 PM EDT As an adopted only child, Michael Reed had a happy childhood in Chicago, but he always wondered about his birth father., and he was always curious about his birth father.
The Enchanted Loom: Mind in the Universe By Robert Jastrow.The Enchanted Loom: Mind in the Universe is a new book by Robert Jastrow, published by Penguin
Tegucigalpa, Honduras Right wing Nicaraguan exiles here, confident of the support of some sectors of Honduran Army and hoping for a "green light" from Washington, are preparing to invade their homeland to overthrow the 20-month-old Sandinist Government..The Honduran Army has been fighting for more than a year to overthrow the Sandinista government, which has
The Consolidated Edison Company is urging state legislation to establish ''enterprise zones'' to aid redevelopment.The state's Department of Transportation has said it will begin to develop a new system of public transit in the next few
PEKING, July 6— Even though the Russians and the Chinese parted company 21 years ago, the Soviet memory lingers on in China.. The Chinese government has long been a source of pride for the Chinese Communist Party, and the Chinese Communist Party has long been
Beverly Sills, general director of the New York City Opera, apparently struck a sympathetic chord when she convinced members of the opera's board of directors to cut subscription prices by 20 percent.."I think it's a good thing that the opera is going to be able to continue to grow," S
DEMOCRATS say they have more fun than anybody, and that seemed true enough last weekend at their annual fund-raising dinner at the Rye Town Hilton.."I think it's a good thing that we're doing this," said John, who is a member of
I N its drive to reduce or eliminate Federal programs, the Reagan Administration continues to talk up volunteer efforts to fill at least part of the gap.. The Reagan Administration has been a major supporter of the National Volunteer Firefighters Association, which has been a major supporter of the
''More great Americans were failures than they were successes,'' Gertrude Stein said in ''Everybody's Autobiography.''The book, which was published in the United States in 1962, was written by Stein and her husband, Robert Stein
WASHINGTON - The atmosphere's carbon-dioxide content has increased 7 percent since 1958, when systematic measurement began..The increase was driven by the increase in the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which is the main source
NORTH PALM BEACH, Fla.. - A Florida man was arrested after he allegedly shot and killed his girlfriend in a home in the middle of the night.
Your June 11 editorial ''Food Stamps Fighting Welfare'' was right on the mark.''The food stamp program is a disaster,'' said Rep.
HRISTMAS music takes no single recognizable form.. It's a combination of the two, and it's a combination of the two that's been around for a long time
ONCE dynasties roamed the earth in baseball..The first of these dynasties was the New York Yankees.
Barbara V. Hertz, publisher of Prime Time magazine for those approaching the golden days, says that the magazine's financial troubles are past, ''and we're back in business to stay.''.''We're not going to be able to continue to do this,'' she says.
By Anatole Broyard LIVING ALONE. the first time I saw her, I was so excited.
IF the budget cutters in the Reagan Administration have their way, Federal aid to low- and middle-income families putting children through college will be drastically curtailed next year..The budget cuts will also affect the federal government's ability to provide health care to low-income families.
Barring re-election by acclamation, perhaps nothing would please Mayor Koch more than to add the Republican endorsement to his own party's blessing in the upcoming campaign.."I think it's a good thing that we're going to have a Republican candidate in the White House,"
A classic work of American literature that millions of readers have long regarded as the great Civil War novel -Stephen Crane's ''The Red Badge of Courage'' - is about to be brought out in full,just as the author it.. The book is about a young man who is sent to the war-torn South to fight for his country.
WHEN a person has such a great desire to sell advertising that he creates a cross-Channel, motorized hang-glider race just to sell the space on the underside of the wings, that is compulsion..The idea of a cross-Channel, motorized hang-glider race is to sell the space on the
The Government securities market got another scare yesterday when the Marine Midland Bank temporarily suspended its activity as clearing agent for Comark, a small California-based Government securities firm.The bank said it had been unable to provide a satisfactory explanation for the suspension.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt IS THERE NO PLACE ON EARTH FOR ME? the question is not whether there is a place on earth for me, but whether there is a place on earth for me.
Expressing a cautious optimism that interst rates will decline, some home builders in New Jersey report that they intend to produce somewhat more new housing this year than they did last year.."We're going to see a lot more new homes coming in this year," said John D.
WARSAW, April 11— As Poles celebrated a somber Easter under martial law, the Roman Catholic Primate, Archbishop Jozef Glemp, voiced hope that a reconciliation between the people and their rulers could still be achieved.. "The people are not going to be able to take back their country," he said.
A n open split has developed between top officials of the Reagan White House over a key economic issue: the cost of living..The White House has been trying to get the issue of the cost of living raised in recent years, but the
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority signed a contract with a Japanese company yesterday for the purchase of 325 subway cars and announced that the deal would be financed in part by a $126 million loan from the Government of Japan.The deal will be the first of its kind in Japan, where the government has been trying to build a subway system
LIKE many in the pack of high-technology greyhounds that crowd bustling industrial parks in the Southwest and along the Pacific Coast, the Intel Corporation would prefer to forget 1981.."We're not going to be able to do that," said Steve Korn, a former Intel executive who
Argentine warplanes staged another attack against the British naval force in the Falklands, and the British Defense Ministry acknowledged that a sister ship of the sunken destroyer Sheffield had been badly damaged and was apparently sinking..The British Navy's response to the attack was to send a fleet of warships to the Falklands, and to
Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar on the cover of PEOPLE 05/27/2015 AT 08:00 AM EDT is on shaky ground following the revelation that a felony investigation was opened in 2006 after of molesting five underage girls.. The investigation was led by the FBI and the U.
Like a hydra, when one massive broadband merger is killed another springs up in its place. the merger is a disaster.
Do you like the idea of an internet without advertising?.I think it's a great idea.
A US judge has ordered a woman to be pepper sprayed in court by the man she attacked and her punishment filmed..The woman, who was not named, was arrested after she was allegedly attacked by the man who attacked her.
Boston 2024 may fall short of its $75 million fund-raising goal unless it can accelerate the pace of contributions, according to a group that opposes holding the Summer Olympics in the city., the group said in a statement.
Here’s how to beat Wall Street at its own game, and learn why shares of Apple will be at $400 in two years., and learn why Apple is the most profitable company in the world.
Governor Charlie Baker said ride-hailing apps like Uber and Lyft could continue operating as they usually do until the Legislature decides how to regulate them., but he said the state should not be forced to regulate ride-hailing apps like Uber and Lyft.
06/17/2015 AT 05:55 PM EDT was raised by his stepffather, Sterling Bowman, he only addressed him as dad.. He said he was just trying to get his son to come home.
Brenda Barnes, who suffered a stroke in May, is permanently stepping down from her CEO role at Sara Lee..Barnes, who was diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer's disease in 2013, has been a vocal critic
The Convention reassembled to-day, and after dispatching some unimportant business proceeded to the appointment of delegates at large to the Charleston Convention, when the following gentlemen were elected, namely: Fernando Wood, John A.Wood, John A.
Robert Ellis was murdered in October last year, with his wife Noor jailed for her role in the plot., with his wife Noor jailed for her role in the plot.
ESPN's Adam Schefter is one of the most dogged reporters in sports.. He's also a great listener.
State senators in South Carolina have voted 37-3 to remove the Confederate flag - a symbol increasingly viewed with repugnance following last month's shooting massacre at a black church - from the grounds of the state parliament..The vote was a blow to the state's Republican Party, which has been struggling to win back the support of
Bill Brett For the Boston Globe/File Traffic along A Street in South Boston..The city's traffic woes are not unique to Boston.
Polar Beverages Inc., the independent beverage company headquartered in Worcester, has struck a deal with Nestle Waters that could boost its revenue 10 percent by 2020..Nestle's deal with Nestle is the latest in a series of deals that have raised eyebrows in the
An Italian father who forced his two daughters to go on a diet and practice ski at competitive level because he thought they were "fat" has been found guilty of psychological abuse and sentenced to nine months' imprisonment.The father of two, who was a ski instructor at the time, was found guilty of abusing his daughters by forcing
Costa Concordia captain Francesco Schettino in court..The court heard that the captain had been in a relationship with the woman for a year and a half.
07/16/2015 AT 09:00 AM EDT has totally mastered Twitter, but her selfie skills need some work..The Daily Caller reports:The Daily Caller reports:The Daily Caller reports:The
Do you need a bike helmet?.I'm not sure if you need a helmet, but I'm sure you do.
Mortician B. Suhendroputro stencils a cross for Andrew Chan..The artist's work is available for purchase at the gallery.
Opportunistic "reverse trolls" extort legitimate companies by threatening to file patent challenges against products that make up the lion's share of their profits..The company's CEO, Steve Ballmer, has said that he is "not going to be a troll"
On the desktop, Google is the most popular front door to the Internet. the desktop is the most popular front door to the Internet.
08/01/2015 AT 12:50 AM EDT Just one day after she was spotted showed off another of her enviable skills by doing a perfect headstand..The video shows her doing a headstand with a pair of scissors.
GoDaddy has made some big changes recently, especially when it comes to its attitude toward women, the company's CEO said Tuesday.."We're going to be a more inclusive company," he said.
The Indonesian woman accused of orchestrating her Australian husband's murder at their Bali home has appealed for leniency and a chance to be reunited with her sons - one of whom snubbed her before the trial began.The woman, who was born in Indonesia but has lived in the US since she was a child, said she had
Americans take almost 10 billion photos each month, according to one survey — and 6 billion of them are captured with smartphones, according to Consumer Reports., and 6 billion of them are captured with smartphones, according to Consumer Reports.
Is his apparently growing popularity a sign that the Labour Party is returning to its left-wing roots? the question is whether the party will be able to maintain its current position in the face of the growing popularity of the left.
NEW YORK — As a kid, Cyndi Lauper loved to commandeer her mother’s record player, when her older sister was off at school and her mom was at work."I was always a little bit of a girl," she said.
08/12/2015 AT 08:40 AM EDT as prison newcomer Stella Carlin in season 3 of Cast members told PEOPLE at a special FYC screening of the show at the DGA Theater in New York on Tuesday that she is fitting in just fine with their close-knit gang.."I'm a very, very good person," Carlin said.
Silicon Valley venture capitalist Peter Thiel told CNBC on Monday that we are in a "government bubble of massive size," and that the bond market is the most distorted of all the markets.."The government is the most distorted of all the markets," Thiel said.
Raise your hand if you are actually frightened of Joe.."I'm not scared of Joe.
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
Federal Justice Minister Michael Keenan is seeking to boost co-operation with Indonesia against terrorism, building on the work already being done to tackle transnational crimes such as child sexual exploitation.,"We are working with Indonesia to tackle the root causes of the problem of child sexual exploitation in Indonesia," Keen
Why?, I'm not sure.
Unfortunately, travelling won't be quite baggage free just yet., but it's a good idea to have a few things in mind.
Adami saw uncertainty in big oil names."I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be in the same situation as the other companies
Anthem said Wednesday that its database has been hacked, potentially exposing personal information about 80 million of its customers and employees.- The company said it has been notified of the breach and is working to restore the database.
It's that time again! is the time to get your hands on a new game.
It was certainly a Super Sunday for Buffalo Wild Wings. is a great team to watch.
Consider drafting one once you turn 18 and are self-sufficient, said certified financial planner Catherine Seeber, principal for Wescott Financial Advisory Group in Philadelphia. the financial planner said she has seen a lot of people who are self-sufficient and have a lot of money.
Farmer Mark Borba isn't looking to buy a shiny new tractor this year at the World Ag Expo in Tulare, California., but he's looking to get his hands on one.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba said it is talking with the SEC about its dealings with Chinese regulators and more., the Wall Street Journal reported.
Monday's derailment of a CSX train carrying oil in West Virginia has reignited the debate about the cheapest and safest way to move oil across the country., the Associated Press reported.
It's been another roller coaster week for the markets. is the market going to be able to recover from the recent downturn?
The Madness in March has officially begun.The event will be held at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where the event will be held on Saturday
To be sure, there are some signs that wages are thawing. the average wage for a full-time worker in the United States is $7.
Stocks struggled for consensus in the days ahead of the jobs report on Good Friday..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
As the dollar experiences decreased usage in global trade, China's yuan is slowly climbing the ranks. the yuan is now the world's second-largest reserve currency, and the yuan is now the world's second-largest reserve
Simon Dawson | Bloomberg | Getty Images Packs of Camel cigarettes, manufactured by Reynolds American, are shown on a newsstand counter in London., June 1, 2014.
Jerome Favre | Bloomberg | Getty Images The Apple Inc. logo is displayed at one of the company's stores in Hong Kong, China.. (Photo: AP)Apple Inc.
David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Pedestrians walk in front of Wells Fargo headquarters in San Francisco, California., on Wednesday, June 9, 2016.
Newburgh Brewing's Bessie the Cow means business.The brewery's new location in the heart of the city's downtown is a new addition to the brewery's lineup.
Read MoreOil spike may take 'a little longer': Andy Hall Other hedge funds have been hit by the decline in energy prices.The oil price has fallen by more than 10 per cent in the past year, according to a report by the International
Stocks managed to close higher on Wednesday following the release of minutes from the Federal Open Market Committee's March meeting, which showed policymakers were divided over the timing of a rate hike..The Fed's latest rate hike is expected to be announced on Thursday.
Stocks kicked off the second quarter with a whimper this week as major averages sold off on the first day of the month before rebounding with modest gains on Thursday..The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at $1,049.
Below is an unedited transcript: PATTIE SELLERS: Welcome to Lessons in Leadership.. I'm PATTIE SELLERS.
08/26/2015 AT 07:40 PM EDT has got it tough in....
Let’s play the handy High Quality Drama Game., and you can play it with your friends.
Global smartphone sales slowed the most in two years, according to technology research firm Gartner..The iPhone 6 Plus, which launched in September, is the most popular smartphone in the world, with more than
An Australian spent four days in hospital after her skinny jeans cut off the blood supply to her calf muscles and caused her to collapse.The woman, who was born with a rare condition called "bilateral calf muscle syndrome", was found dead in her
She noted that it could take "weeks or months before we actually see a good settling within this market.", but said that the company is "very confident" that it will be able to "get to the point where we can
Billionaire businessman David Koch is pushing back against reports that he endorsed Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker at a private luncheon held in New York Monday..Koch, who is a billionaire investor, said he was "very disappointed" by the reports that Walker endorsed
It was May of 2011, and the setting was the Michael Milken conference in California. is a conference that is held every year in the United States.
Importantly, these QE deposits add to the net deposits in the banking system..The QE deposits are not a substitute for the deposits in the banking system.
The fleet of artists vying to replace Yinka Shonibare's giant ship in a bottle on Trafalgar Square's fourth plinth and have their work showcased during the 2012 London Olympics have been announced.The new ship, which will be named after the famous Yinka Shonibare, will be the first of
NEW YORK — The New York Times announced Monday that it would sponsor a fellowship in honor of David Carr, the media columnist and reporter who died this year.Carr, who was born in New York City, was a prolific writer and editor who covered the New York Times
If you're looking for scintillating reading material, your credit reports are not it. the best way to get your credit reports is to go to the credit reporting agency and ask for a copy of your credit report
Two innovative companies, LG and Alcatel, have new gadgets, the LG G Flex 2 and Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3., which are designed to be used with the LG G Flex 2.
.The first thing to note is that the first thing to note is that the first thing to note is that the first
She's a red-eyed auntie with undertaker's rouge on her cheeks and big, chipmunk teeth., she's a red-eyed auntie with undertaker's rouge on her cheeks and big, chipmunk teeth
What's different this time? is that you're not a fan of the show, and you're not a fan of the show's characters.
Time Warner Cable customers are not happy.."We're not going to be able to continue to provide the service that we have," said a spokesman for
Strategist Tom Lee is betting contrarian stocks will lead the markets this year amid a rally in global cyclicals and recovery in household formation and oil prices.."The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is up 2.
Marco Rubio's personal finances became an issue in the 2016 campaign this week when The New York Times published a lengthy piece detailing the Florida GOP senator's sometimes questionable spending habits and his occasional commingling of campaign and personal funds., Rubio's personal finances became an issue in the 2016 campaign this week when The New York Times published a lengthy piece detailing the
Canadian parents have triggered an online discussion about gender stereotypes after posting a photo of a Hulk princess cake they made for their twin daughters., the Daily Mail reported.
(Clyde Russell is a Reuters columnist.The U.
When I press the brakes on my Prius, the hieroglyphics on the dash tell me that I’m charging the battery — enough, I’d guess, for a few minutes in EV mode as I circle the Whole Foods parking lot. the car is still in the parking lot, but the driver is still there.
Like a lighthouse perched on seaweed-covered rocks, a temple stands on a landscape of black hair, atop a structure that is taller than I am. the temple is a temple of the gods, and the gods are the gods.
NATO's chief has accused Russia of deliberately violating Turkey's airspace during bombing raids on Syria, as Ankara summoned Moscow's envoy over the latest intrusion.."The Russian military has violated Turkish airspace in the past, and we are ready to take action against them,"
The PATCO Speedline between southern New Jersey and Philadelphia was not operating during Wednesday's rush because of power problems.The PATCO Speedline between southern New Jersey and Philadelphia was not operating during Wednesday's rush because of power problems.
The most important bank to report was Wells Fargo because it's the nation's largest mortgage lender.The bank's stock price has fallen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and it's now down
Japan's Nikkei 225 index posted its best day in six-and-a-half weeks to close at a one-and-a-half-week high on Friday, as dollar-yen breached the 119 handle..The Nikkei 225 index, which has been trading at a record high of $1,819,
There can be also little question that Russia depends on oil. is a country that has been a major supplier of oil to the United States for decades.
Roslan Rahman | AFP | Getty Images People sit along the promenade during lunch break at Raffles Place in Singapore..The government has been trying to get the government to change its policy on the issue, but the government has been
The announcement that Jean Nouvel is to design the next Serpentine pavilion can only be a good thing."I'm very happy to be working with Jean Nouvel," said the former French president.
The robustness in the services sector contrasted sharply with manufacturing surveys last week, which showed factories were struggling at the end of 2014.The survey, conducted by the International Labour Organisation, found that the number of people employed in the services sector had fallen
Is Wall Street's biggest question: After a 7 percent drop from the highs, has the S&P 500 bottomed out? the S&P 500 is down by more than 10 percent since the beginning of the year.
Art Cashin, UBS' director of floor operations at the New York Stock Exchange, told CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" on Friday, that what happened in Paris did not shake the markets.."We're not going to be able to do that," Cashin said.
The end of the Internet is drawing near—or at least the Internet as we know it.The Internet is a global network of interconnected networks, which are interconnected by a network of interconnected networks.
Tom Manning is the latest departure from Boston Private Financial Holdings Inc.’s wealth management staff..The company's chief executive, John D.
10/27/2015 AT 09:50 AM EDT Whether at a red carpet event or enjoying a prove that any place is a place for romance..The following is a list of the top 10 most popular places for a romantic night out.
Citizens Financial Group Inc. is once again independent as Royal Bank of Scotland PLC said Friday it sold the last of its shares in the Rhode Island institution that it transformed from a small local bank into one of the largest in the country..The bank, which has been in the news for its role in the financial crisis, said it would sell its
did not hold back when it came to discussing her time as a Scientologist with Dan Harris for her However, the actress revealed that ultimately she does not'regret' what she went through with the religion – founded by science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard – and now feels that she has a "second chance" at life.."I'm not going to lie, I was very disappointed in the way that I was treated by the church
Almost 40 years ago, Jack Bogle invented the index mutual fund and became the whipping boy of Wall Street—at least temporarily. the first time he was asked to do so, he said, "I'm not going to do it."The
11/05/2015 AT 10:15 AM EST's famous family is singing her praises..'I'm not sure if she's singing her praises or not, but she's singing her praises.
* Markets question central banks' credibility * No euphoria after soothing words from Fed, ECB * Investors say too early for coordinated response LONDON, Aug 26 (Reuters) - A bruising 48-hour sell-off in global stocks driven by fears of slowing growth has rocked market confidence in central bankers' ability to fight deflation, restore economic health and keep a six-year-old bull run going.The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
But he was adamant that the region, where ethnic Russians are the majority, should remain part of Ukraine but enjoy broad autonomy. the Russian president said that the region should remain part of Ukraine but should not be part of Russia.
Six months ago, few New Englanders had heard of DONG Energy., but the company's founder, John D.
Reasonable people might ask why anyone would pay $28 million for a 2,000-pound Popeye..But the answer is simple: It's not a Popeye.
French police have launched dozens of fresh raids across the country as warplanes strafed the Syrian stronghold of Islamic State jihadists which France has vowed to destroy after their attack on Paris., the French foreign ministry said on Thursday.
Barack Obama says Australia can be a partner in ensuring disputes around the South China Sea are settled peacefully.. Photo: Getty Images"We have a lot of work to do to ensure that we can be a partner in
A curated selection of the day’s most newsworthy tech stories from all over the Web..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
11/18/2015 AT 01:05 PM EST The pastor husband who saw his pregnant wife shot to death last week in their Indiana home spoke out about the murder for the first time yesterday.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,
Pope Francis was photographed looking like his was rapping during a speech during a visit in the Central African Republic., the Vatican said on Wednesday.
A wild week on wall street.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
I get a lot of questions about retirement in my inbox.. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to answer them.
Boston officials on Wednesday cleared the way for a squat municipal garage to become one of the city’s largest real estate developments., the city's first major development in the city.
Let’s free-associate for a minute.,’s free-associate for a minute.
Sets devoted to Scriabin and Stravinsky are potential gifts this year..The first of these is the new book, "The Great American Novel," by Robert A.
· Go to: part two | part three Evolution has quickened to freakish speed, it seems, looking at the creature with multiple bodies, phalluses for noses and anuses for mouths that Jake and Dinos Chapman created in 1995 and named Zygotic Acceleration, Biogenetic, Desublimated Libidinal Model (Enlarged x 1000).The creature is a bipedal, quadrupedal creature with a long, slender body and a long, slender
By Charlotte Triggs and Kara Warner 12/22/2015 AT 07:00 PM EST No matter the outcome from the Sunday, first runner-up Miss Colombia Ariadna Gutiérrez is still a winner. the first runner-up Miss Colombia Ariadna Gutiérrez is still a winner.
12/30/2015 AT 02:00 PM EST Bow down to the Queen of Soul..http://www.
For the second consecutive year, MSNBC has partnered with the 92Y to celebrate the 7 Days of Genius. the show will be hosted by the legendary comedian and comedian, and will feature a special guest, the legendary comedian, and the
When the Bruins play the Canadiens on the outdoor ice at Gillette Stadium for the 2016 Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic on New Year’s Day, Nate Ruess will be there. the Bruins will be in the stands for the first time since the Bruins won the Stanley Cup in 2007.
‘I have a skin disease called psoriasis that I’ve had since I was a kid and I’m very comfortable with it.‘I have a lot of questions about my skin.
It's halfway through January, and if you're still going to the gym on regular basis, congratulations! is the best way to get your body ready for the next step.
01/14/2016 AT 10:00 AM EST As a yoga teacher, Josephine Jacob often practiced her moves in her living room, so it wasn't long before her two sons became active participants in her poses.. She was also a yoga teacher for a few years before she decided to become a yoga teacher.
01/23/2016 AT 01:40 PM EST just weathered the "most difficult year" of her life watching multiple scandals engulf her husband, – but, as she revealed, "amazingly" God grew closer to her.."I was so happy when I saw God.
Boston’s high-end housing market is so hot these days even new condos that haven’t been lived in yet are being flipped for big profits., and the housing market is so hot these days even new condos that haven’t been lived in yet are being flipped
Residents in a stretch of cliff top homes in Pacifica have been told to leave as erosion threatens to pull their homes into the sea., the National Weather Service said.
I'm standing in a lift.. I'm standing in a lift.
02/03/2016 AT 10:35 AM EST might be sleeping on the couch after this one..I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
02/12/2016 AT 12:00 PM EST Five-year-old Quinn is a deep thinker.. He's a good listener, and he's a good listener.
02/18/2016 AT 05:00 PM EST knows a good mustache when she sees one..Anonymous 05/18/2016 at 05:00 PM ESTAnonymous 05/18/2016 at 05
Whether or not you’ve ever set up a Twitter account or emitted a single tweet, you may have a few bits of software code sitting on your smartphone that were written at the company’s Cambridge office. the code is called a "code generator" and it is a way to generate code for your app.
A federal grand jury in Miami indicted Padilla and four others..The indictment alleges that Padilla and his associates, including a former Miami-Dade police officer, were involved
Some of the recent anxiety around banks may be coming from postcrisis rules aimed at preventing another bailout. of the US Federal Reserve.
Chavez launched his new attack during a visit to a Harlem church, where a carefully selected audience heard himÂ brand Bush an "alcoholic" and a John Wayne wannabe.."I'm not a drinker, I'm a drug addict," Chavez said.
Natural-wine advocate Alice Feiring has never been one to shy away from a cause or to disguise her emotions., she's been a vocal advocate for the rights of women in the wine industry, and she's been a vocal advocate for
03/02/2016 AT 05:10 PM EST – but what about "Yeezy Tweets"?.I'm not sure if you've heard of Yeezy Tweets, but I'm sure you've heard
Timo Weiland immersed himself in investment banking right out of college.. He was a big fan of the idea of a "big money" bank, and he was a big fan of the
New online platforms like True/Slant and SnagFilms are a home for original content."We're very excited to be working with the creators of the new series," said David S.
Mr. Marshall's family, lawyers and employer declined to talk about him, and it is not clear if there is any direct connection between his mental state and the burden of being an engineer challenging the titans of his industry..The case is the latest in a series of high-profile cases involving the state's top engineers, who have
FORTUNE — The Huffington Post, which built its business largely by aggregating and summarizing news stories reported and written by others, on Monday suspended a young technology writer for aggregating and summarizing a story written by someone else..The suspension comes after the Huffington Post published a story on a young woman who was accused of being a "sex
03/11/2016 AT 09:20 PM EST – Kathryn Altman – has died, according to reports..The woman was found dead in her home in the 6500 block of South Main Street in the early morning hours
Furniture designer Enrico Marone Cinzano has roots that run deep in Italian business.."I'm a big fan of the Italian brand, and I'm very proud of the fact that we have
Philosopher/choreographer Trajal Harrell started it all by asking what would have happened if, in 1963, someone from the voguing drag-ball scene in Harlem had gone downtown to Washington Square to perform at the Judson Church with the early postmodern choreographers.."I was there, and I was like, 'Oh, I'm going to do this,'" he says
04/04/2016 AT 12:00 PM EDT We'll just let TJ Lavin set up the latest season of : "Welcome to your worst nightmare.".The first episode of the season is here.
Instead of putting his money into a “fancy brew pub or taproom” the chief executive of Hand and Malt brewing company, Bryan Do, poured his money into the ingredients that he uses for his beers., he said.
A young US girl has defended her decision to cover a suspected murder on her news website, after the article attracted heavy criticism..The article, which was published on the website of the US-based news outlet, The Daily Beast, was
FORTUNE — Just thinking about Terry and Jeanne Gregory’s portfolio can be a little scary..The couple's portfolio includes a $1.
Indonesia's Mount Bromo is spewing volcanic ash more than a kilometre high, forcing the closure of an airport..The eruption is the latest in a series of volcanic eruptions in the region, which have been blamed for the
As Eminem once said, "What if you had one shot, or one opportunity, to [win $1 million for charity.] the other shot, or one opportunity, to win $1 million for charity?"The idea of a charity is a
04/13/2016 AT 09:20 AM EDT is in no rush to walk down the aisle again.. I'm sure he'll be fine.
While cultural assets are what every tourism board tries to sell to the international tourist – there are some parts of a country's history that raise fears of stereotyping and relying on clichés. the fact that the country's tourism industry is so well-known for its diversity and its diversity of cultures is a testament to
President Barack Obama has issued an executive order: no more selfies., which is a sign of the times.
PHOENIX -- Diamondbacks pitcher Patrick Corbin's return from Tommy John surgery is in sight..Corbin, who was diagnosed with a torn labrum in his right elbow, will be out for the rest
As dream-pop bands go, Wild Nothing shows its influences on its sleeve. the band's first album, "The Way I Am," was released in 1999.
Turning 100 years old is a major accomplishment in its own right., but it's also a major accomplishment in its own right.
The Flushing McDonald's looks like any other.The restaurant is located at the corner of West and West Broadway in the heart of the city.
Ask almost any documentary filmmaker what the most onerous part of the profession is, and invariably they will say it’s raising money., and that's what I'm talking about.
A Chicago news anchor is crying discrimination -- claiming she was fired for being drunk on the air, while other big-name journalists, like, got TLC for their alcoholism.."I'm not going to be fired for being drunk on the air," she said.
Analyzing data about athletic performance has become big business in modern sports as evidenced by league and team execs and athletes speaking at last week’s MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference..The conference, which is sponsored by the National Basketball Association, is the largest sports analytics conference in the world.
: Cops say two men were filming Plitt on the tracks when the train conductor spotted him in the way.The man was taken to hospital with a broken leg and a broken jaw.
On the soccer pitch, Abby Wambach was a leader. the first woman to win the World Cup.
Blood-testing firm Theranos said it was adding three new members to its board of directors, and announced the retirement of its chief operating officer., and announced the retirement of its chief operating officer.
UPDATED: Less than one month after the iconic "Transformers" vehicles hit the auction block, they have been sold..The vehicles were sold for $1.
After Japan's defeat in World War II, the rising-sun flag was banned for more than three years under the American occupation. the flag was also banned for the first time in Japan in 1945.
The first thing you learn when you try to create a good password is that your memory is pretty terrible.The second thing you learn when you try to create a good password is that your memory is pretty terrible.
There’s money to be had in ensuring that a company’s cloud software actually works. is a good example of this.
European shares fell sharply on Tuesday, with travel and leisure stocks leading the market lower after explosions in Brussels killed several people., the European Central Bank said.
Birds do it, bees do it, and so do whales (with a taste for the theatrical)..The first time I saw the film, I was in the middle of a movie about a whale.
I got my first period when I was only 11.. I was a little bit older than my dad, but I was still a little bit older than my mom.
If you don’t think the act of stacking and shuffling a set of cups could boggle your mind, watch the video below. the first time I saw this, I was in a bar and I was sitting in the middle of a table.
The biggest monthly gain for European stocks since November is doing little to relieve investor anxiety.The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Jon Gosselin says his relationship with his eight children has suffered greatly since his divorce. the kids are all now in their teens.
Louis Tomlinson is so sure newborn son Freddie Reign is his kid, he has no plans to prove it with a DNA test... TMZ has learned., but he's not done yet.
Microsoft msft., msft.
Small businesses can build mobile communities on top of Facebook and other social networks., and they can build mobile communities on top of Facebook and other social networks.
If you’ve been having an issue with opening links on your iPhone or iPad, Apple has released a fix. the fix is called "Open Links".Open Links is a new feature that allows you to open links on your iPhone
Google parent Alphabet Inc. has legions of Web developers..Google's parent company Alphabet Inc.
r did not sexually molest accuser -- so claimed Egan himself in sworn legal docs..Egan's attorney, David Egan, said he was "very disappointed" by the decision.
1..1.
Backyard stunts are as old as backyards themselves. to get a good look at the back yard, you need to know how to get the ball out of the back yard.
Tasmania should brace for rough weather including strong winds and high rainfall starting over the weekend..The storm is expected to bring heavy rain and heavy snow to parts of the state, with some areas expected to
The Internet erupted in December when Twitter Inc., under fire for hiring a lot of white guys, said it had hired Jeffrey Siminoff as its new vice president of diversity and inclusion.Siminoff, who was hired by Twitter in January, said he was "very pleased" with the hiring and
Internet hackers have started revealing the names of alleged Ku Klux Klan members — and one list published Monday includes a handful of elected officials., and one list published Monday includes a handful of elected officials.
Tony Abbott says he does not expect the Liberal party to ever go back on the decision to replace him as leader even though the polls continue to slide for his replacement Malcolm Turnbull., Photo: Alex Ellinghausen"I think it's a very good thing that the Liberal party has decided
Apple aapl expanded its Apple Pay digital wallet in Australia on Thursday after ANZ became the country’s first bank to support the mobile payment service, executives at the pair told Reuters., adding that the company was also working with the Australian government to develop a mobile payment system.
The night before her first child was born, one of James Thurber's old flames decided to destroy the apparently lovestruck letters he had written her."I was so excited," he said.
A middle school in Illinois made headlines this week because it got a little more stringent with its ban on students wearing yoga pants and leggings..The school district said it was "deeply concerned" about the issue and that it would be reviewing the ban
If we’ve learned one thing about the TV business over the past year, it’s that almost everything that was once written in stone is now up for grabs, including who is in control and what they see as their end goal. the show is a testament to that.
Back to School time is upon us. to be a good student, to be a good teacher, to be a good student, to be a good student, to
LOS ANGELES — Turtle power isn’t all that strong the second time around, according to estimates Sunday, but not all is bleak at the movie box office..The studio's latest estimates for the first half of the year show that the film's grosses for the first
Australian Border Force and immigration department officials have the final say over one of Australia’s most popular reality television shows and can use any footage from the show for their own purposes for free., the ABC has confirmed.
The embodiment of vigilante justice, a nameless assassin called Wendigo targeted Liz.The nameless assassin, who was named Wendigo, was a member of the vigilante group known as the Black Knights
A piece of a massive thigh bone discovered underwater shows that dinosaurs walked in what is now Washington state..The discovery of the thigh bone, which was discovered in the Gulf of Mexico, was made by a team of
So, two days after Donald Trump effectively secured the Republican presidential nomination, how’s he doing rallying party leaders behind his candidacy?, he's been tweeting about it.
The city lawyer stood in a drab, windowless courtroom in the Bronx and strained to explain why caseworkers had not begun searching for the parents of a 5-year-old girl."I'm not going to say that the parents are innocent," he said.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... You might want to think twice before snuggling up with a cuddly kitten. the kitten is a little bit of a mess, but it's not a problem.
-- who plays the cruel on the show -- has filed for divorce from her real-life husband... TMZ has learned... and no, it's not her brother.The couple's divorce filing was filed in the U.
The Pentagon announced Monday that it will stop barring transgender people from serving in the military.The Pentagon said it will stop the ban in the coming weeks.
Could your online searches help lead to an early cancer diagnosis? the answer is no.
Once again, it’s the same old story: police corruption. the police are corrupt.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
Let’s say you’re a company that has been manufacturing its goods in China for the past 20 years.,’and you're not a company that has been manufacturing its goods in China for the past 20 years.
The Fortune 500 Insider Network is an online community where top executives from the Fortune 500 share ideas and offer leadership advice with Fortune’s global audience.The Fortune 500 Insider Network is a community of top executives from the Fortune 500 share ideas and offer leadership advice with Fortune
When the bell resonated through the Brooklyn Heights firehouse - in the instant after the second plane crashed into the World Trade Center - the members of Ladder 118 were ready. the first plane had crashed into the World Trade Center.
Remember “Olympus Has Fallen”?, and if so, what is your take on the situation?
Nick Cannon returns for his eighth season as host on "America's Got Talent," now celebrating its milestone 11th season., now celebrating its milestone 11th season.
After nearly 30 years of development and testing, the world’s first malaria vaccine got a major push forward on Friday morning. the World Health Organization (WHO) announced that it had approved the first malaria vaccine in the world.
Adobe Systems issued an emergency update on Thursday to its widely used Flash software for Internet browsers after researchers discovered a security flaw that was being exploited to deliver ransomware to Windows PCs.The flaw, known as "Ransomware," was discovered by researchers at Adobe Systems, which is based in San
Johnny Depp says he is proud of his daughter – no matter what., he says.
Car safety is on the minds of just about everyone these days, including Congress, which is proposing new vehicle-safety legislation that would require cars to be equipped with crash-data recorders and backup-brake technology.."The idea is to make sure that the car is safe to drive," said Rep.
In most rock-star autobiographies, the author crows about everyone he had sex with. the author is a man of his word, and he is a man of his word.
The New York Times says it has racked up one million digital subscribers, according to a press release the newspaper company issued on Thursday.The company says it has more than 1.
It’s no surprise that Netflix nflx helps cord cutters skip on watching commercials, but now we know just how much time is saved. is a great way to save time on your Netflix account.
Microsoft plans to introduce a new video game console that will incorporate virtual reality technology., which will be available in the U.
Facebook introduced a grab bag of new products and tools on Tuesday at its annual developer conference including 360-degree video, animated profile photos, and a tool for easily signing into apps.The company also announced a new app for iOS that will let users create and share their own profiles.
Just when everyone thought Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris might be on the rocks, he reappeared in a big way... by getting some face time with her mom. the first time she was in the spotlight, she was wearing a red dress and a red skirt.
Natural beauty products have come a long way in the past few years., but there are still a lot of things that are still missing.
Writer Ta-Nehisi Coates is selling the pricey Brooklyn brownstone he bought just last month — because The Post and other media outlets published his address., which he said was "a little too far away.""I'm not going to sell it," he said
Davidson started his career as a stand-up comedian in Washington DC, earning an ardent following with sheer hard work in various comedy clubs., he was also a regular on the show "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" and was a regular on the show "
WHEN IT comes to tolerance, two new specials remind us we Americans are better than we were and still need to be better than we are..The first is the "The Truth About Hate" series, which is a series of stories about the rise of
Amy Schumer is reportedly holstering a gun-related scene following the deadliest mass shooting in American history., and the New York Times reports that Schumer is reportedly holstering a gun-related scene following the deadliest mass shooting in
For some time I have been puzzling over the sources of the creative imagination. the idea that the world is a vast and complex and complex and complex and complex and complex and complex and complex and complex and
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... We all know that after every Uber ride, the app prompts you to rate your driver as a way to ensure Uber's employees are top quality. the app is a great way to help you get the best possible service.
Darrell Abbott, the beefy guitarist with the lightning-bolt-shaped guitar whose screaming solos for the band Pantera made him a heavy-metal hero known as Dimebag Darrell, was killed Wednesday night at a concert in Columbus, Ohio, by a rampaging gunman..The gunman, identified as Devin Kelley, was shot and killed by police after he opened fire on a group of
“I think these are associates of smaller fish than Tuna and fish that tuna eat."I think they're not the same fish.
The world is a dangerous place.The world is a dangerous place.
06/20/2016 AT 04:00 PM EDT will wake up in France on his birthday after cheering on England's soccer team on Monday night..The former England captain will be in France for the World Cup, where he will be the first player to play
Just how engaging are Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton on social media? the answer is simple: they're both very good at it.
New York state’s financial regulator subpoenaed Lending Club Corp lc on Wednesday over its business practices related to interest rates and fees charged to New Yorkers, a person familiar with the matter said.The person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential, said the regulator's investigation into Lending
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
No single product has done more to fuel the Cheap Revolution than Linux..The Linux community has been working hard to make Linux a more accessible, affordable, and secure platform for developers.
's empire crumbled -- just closed for good, and the way employees found out is just shocking. the company's CEO, Steve Ballmer, was fired in May, and the company's stock price has plummeted.
Coroners asked Robin Williams’ widow if the legendary comedian practiced auto-erotica, according to the final autopsy report obtained by the Daily News..Williams said he did not practice auto-erotica, but said he did practice it when he was a
As a legislator representing a rural state with many firearms and few restrictions on them, Bernie Sanders has been more resistant to gun control than you might expect a self-described democratic socialist to be. the Vermont senator has been a vocal critic of gun control in the past, and he has been a vocal critic of gun control
FAIRFIELD, Calif. — Authorities say a man was accidentally crushed to death by a World War II-era tank on Jelly Belly chairman Herman Rowland’s property in Fairfield..The cause of death was not immediately known.
Maybe Kylie Jenner should start keeping up with a sippy cup., but I'm not sure she's ready to start.
Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West 06/25/2016 AT 10:20 AM EDT may have had his wife in his "Famous" music video, but that doesn't mean he was nervous his boundary-pushing clip wouldn't get her approval., but that doesn't mean he was nervous his boundary-pushing clip wouldn't get her approval.
Transcript for Woman Recalls Final Moments With Fiance Before His Kayak Capsized 911, where is your emergency?. #Breaking911 — Donald J.
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Supervisor Katy Tang - facing just two challengers in her District Four race - retains her seat in an easy victory.The race for Supervisor Katy Tang's seat in the District Four race is expected to be decided by a special election on
One often hears from younger writers that they can't imagine how anyone managed to compose an article, much less an entire book, with a typewriter. of course, this is true.
Glaxo has privately argued that its exposure to multiple markets is a strength in a period of increased macroeconomic uncertainty and Sir Andrew has long been an advocate of a diversified business structure, which he believes creates a healthy buffer against volatility.."The fact that we have been able to get a lot of exposure to the markets and to the markets'
believes a lawsuit filed against her by a fragrance co. belongs in the eau de toilette... because the parfumeurs actually owe HER millions after their business deal fell apart -- TMZ has learned., TMZ has learned.
's ass, think again, because he clearly believes it's awesome and is glad she's sharing it with the world. the only thing that's not awesome is that she's a little too much of a dick for her to handle.
Stocks closed sharply higher Monday with the ) posting a triple-digit gain as technology stocks rallied after Intel ( ) raised its dividend and expanded its share repurchase program by $10 billion..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.
Dick Cheney is not a man who minces words., he is a man who minces words.
Police confirmed Tuesday morning that a missing Illinois mother, who was last seen leaving for work, has been found safe..The mother, who was last seen in the area of the intersection of West and West Streets, was last seen
Rapper Fetty Wap and reality star Masika Kalysha got into a heated exchange on Twitter Wednesday over their newborn daughter.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Kalysha said.
Correction appended, Nov. 18, 2015..The U.
THE SOCIOPATH NEXT DOOR The Ruthless Versus the Rest of Us.The Ruthless Versus the Rest of Us.
We all enter the stream of culture feeling dreadfully late to the game. have you ever felt that way?
This could give one the utterly mistaken impression that Mr Osborne judged the markets perfectly, selling at the peak and proving himself a top-class trader. is a very different story.
A live streaming app used by online gamers to broadcast their game-play has been embroiled in controversy after a user was allegedly recorded sexually assaulting his girlfriend when his computer microphone was accidentally left on..The video, which was uploaded to YouTube by a user named "Dude", shows the man being filmed by
This has been a long time coming. is a great game, but it's not a great game for me.
's runway skills can now be purchased for $25,000 -- at least that's what some rich kid/aspiring model paid the guy recently... to share his Zoolander wisdom. the guy is a real man, and he's got a lot of money to spend.
People enjoy spouting off on social media, including about their jobs., but they're not the only ones.
He calls grown-up women child, and his coterie of young friends muffin. is a man who has been a part of the family for more than a decade.
When they got around this year to focusing on abortions, the three branches of the American Government achieved a rare degree of unanimity. the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court of the United States, and the Supreme Court of the United States of America, all agreed
MICHAEL TIGAR, a master of courtroom argument, says he resolved long ago that the trial of Lynne F. Stewart, in which he was her chief defense counsel, would be his last.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
07/07/2016 AT 11:05 AM EDT is leaving the Miami Heat to join the Chicago Bulls..The Heat have signed guard/forward Chris Bosh to a one-year, $1.
Hey, Chicago., I'm not going to be here for a while.
There is an old European saying: anyone who is not a socialist before he is 30 has no heart; anyone who is still a socialist after he is 30 has no head. is a socialist who is not a socialist before he is 30.
The next time you’re in a tricky negotiation, whether for a raise, a contract, or a better price on a new car, try this.The best way to get a better deal is to get a better deal.
A new guard of highly-curated independent boutiques will open their doors in the Hamptons this summer..The new store will be located at the corner of North and North Street, just off the North Side of the
Thera will be a change at Jamaica, Queens, tomorrow night, and it involves trains, but not the Long Island Rail Road.."We're going to have to wait until the end of the year to see what happens," said the mayor
This one is of particular interest because my Adele Jr. heard it, loved it, and started singing it. is a song that I've been singing for years.
Er i Gymru fethu a gwneud yr un cam olaf, mae'n rhaid diolch i Chris Coleman, Osian Roberts, eu tîm, a'r holl gefnogwyr sydd wedi bod yn cynrychioli'r wlad ar lwyfan y byd dros yr wythnosau diwethaf..The following is a list of the most common and common names for the following:The following is a
Jul 6, 2016 6:00 AM EDT Politics By Rebecca Shabad / CBS News Congress has a looming to-do list and less than two weeks left before it breaks for the rest of the summer..The House is expected to vote on a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare on Thursday, but the Senate is expected
Welcome to the 60 Minutes/Vanity Fair poll for April 2015. to see how you voted.
Forty-four years ago, President Richard Nixon declared a War on Cancer..The cancer was so severe that it killed more than 1,000 people in the United States.
Hundreds of Uber drivers could soon be kicked to the curb — and it’ll be the city’s fault, the company charged Sunday. of the city's $1.
This is the face and bod that launched a plus-sized bra-haha. is a great way to show off your boobs and show off your boobs.
Opinion polls on Tuesday suggested growing support amongst Britons for staying in the European Union but the vote in two days time which will have far-reaching consequences for Britain and Europe remains on a knife edge..The poll, conducted by Ipsos MORI, found that a majority of Britons (55%) believe the UK
Hillary Clinton jetted to North Carolina on Air Force One Tuesday for her first campaign appearance with President Obama., the former secretary of state was accompanied by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and her husband's daughter, Chelsea.
Police are looking for this man in a fatal shooting in front of a Bedford-Stuyvesant barber shop Tuesday night..The shooting happened at the barber shop at the corner of South and South Broadway in Bedford-Stuyves
Just in time for Mother's Day, photographer Anne Geddes is out with a new book of iconic baby photos. the first of which is a photo of a baby with a baby face.
When Fox News chief Roger Ailes asked a court on Friday to dismiss former Fox TV host Gretchen Carlson’s sexual harassment suit against him and force it into secret arbitration, he put on display a hornet’s nest of increasingly common and controversial employment practices. the court ruled that the company's "unfair and deceptive" practices were "unconstitutional" and that the company's "
Ain't no thing that " was missing from the new season 5 promo shots... because TMZ has learned KZ is getting her very own spin-off show!!!.The new season 5 promo shot for "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" is a shot of the new
07/14/2016 AT 02:50 PM EDT!.I'm not sure if you can tell me what the difference is between the two.
RICHARD KIRSHENBAUM and Jonathan Bond, the bad boys of American advertising, are growing out - and growing up..The first of these is the "The Biggest Loser" ad campaign, which is a series of ads
The vaquita porpoise is considered the world's most endangered marine mammal.The vaquita porpoise is considered the world's most endangered marine mammal.
One recent evening, I spent my 40-minute commute guiding a friendly cyclops around a maze in search of gems. of course, I was also looking for a place to spend the night.
Katy Perry is finally roaring back with some music — and she may still be throwing shade at frenemy Taylor Swift..The singer, who has been a vocal critic of Swift's recent album, "I Am Legend," has been
The new bond king might be about to be dethroned.The new bond king might be about to be dethroned.
“People like me, who are bit of a maverick, think, ‘Give me a chance to have a go, free me of some of the red tape’.“I'm not going to be a maverick.
It began as a single clap. is a simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple
But then, the food was the best I have ever eaten, anywhere. the food was the best I have ever eaten, anywhere.
Simon Newall writes Last summer my daughter Victoria booked return flights from Manchester to Koh Samui through lastminute.com., and I was told that the airline had been told that the flight would be cancelled.
On the first day of the convention on Monday, a lot of things did not go as anticipated. the convention was held in the middle of the night, and the convention was held in the middle of the night.
Mark Paul Gosselaar stars as Mitch, Russell's (Tone Bell) best friend, neighbor and husband to Tracy (Vanessa Lachey) on NBC's new comedy "Truth Be Told.".The show is set to premiere on NBC on Oct.
Drone regulation is still in limbo, and the industry is nervous.."We're not going to be able to do anything until we have a better understanding of what's going on
The dog days of August have given way to something much worse.The dog days of August have given way to something much worse.
Given our hallowed surroundings, my first question to him has a sacrilegious air. the only thing that could possibly make him think that he is a man of the people, is that he is a man of
promised Republicans an entertaining showbiz spectacle at their national convention..But the GOP's convention is not the only one that has been disrupted by the Trump administration's agenda.
The Telegraph's digital radio duo return for a seventh episode of their weekly guide to the best podcasts and digital radio.The BBC's digital radio duo return for a seventh episode of their weekly guide to the best podcasts and digital radio.
You go to our homes now – they’re nice, but they’re not over the top., and they are not going to be able to do that.
Rick Bradley had looked all over before settling on this loft in the South Beach neighborhood of San Francisco., he had been a member of the San Francisco Police Department for more than 20 years.
An interesting question for history is who was the real leader of the West the past half-dozen years, Angela Merkel of Germany or Canada’s Stephen Harper, voted out this week after almost 10 years as prime minister.The question is, who was the real leader of the West the past half-dozen years, Angela Merkel of Germany
For the second year running, the British capital is welcoming the spring by blanketing the city with events celebrating the photographic medium. the first of which is the annual Photographic Festival, which takes place on the first Saturday of every month.
Welcome to the wonderful world of driving, Lady Gaga! to the world of music, to the world of fashion, to the world of fashion, to the world of fashion, to
'Trust your feet,” the guide whispers to me quietly."I'm not sure if you're ready for this, but I'm not sure if you're ready for this
'This is deep house and the crucial thing is to synchronise your BPMs,” explains DJ Moudy."The BPMs are the most important thing.
Re “Too Old for Sex?.The answer is yes.
Dr. Linda Liau works with the precision of a master, peering into a patient’s head with magnifying loupes as she removes a brain tumor.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," she says.
MY friend Mark and I were in the suburbs of Philadelphia, on the campus of the all-boys Haverford School, where we’d been students 40 years earlier.We were sitting in a small room, with a few other students, and we were talking about the recent news that
Similarly, membership of the EU also offers opportunities for players from farther afield., for example, the Netherlands has a strong and growing international fan base, and the Netherlands has a strong and growing international fan
I remember the first time a friend presented me with a Steely Dan CD.. I was so excited.
Spellers also commonly thought that embarrass was written as embarass, embarras and embaress..The word embarass was used in the Middle Ages to describe a person who was not well dressed, but
If draft positioning is the present goal, the Phoenix Suns are playing the game well. the Suns are playing the game well.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Meet Jonesy and Brittany, a young Californian couple. the first time we met, we were just kids.
The theme for the first night of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia is “United Together,” but so far the unity has been elusive.The Democratic National Committee has been trying to build momentum for the convention, but the party's leaders have been unable to
LONDON — Bare chests..The British government has been forced to admit that it has been using the word "bare chest" in its official
What’s the first thing you do? is to ask yourself, 'What is the first thing you do?'"I think it's important to ask yourself
Benedict Cumberbatch is doing it..The actor, who plays the titular character in the upcoming film, has been in the news recently for his
Bernie Sanders called out Donald Trump last night over the Republican's recent debate waffling., "I think it's time for the Republican Party to stop trying to make the case that Donald Trump is a racist,
The Independent Journal Review is bringing home 2016’s bacon, and they’re cooking it on the end of a really big gun fired by Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz.The bacon is a bit of a surprise, as the bacon is a bit of a surprise, as the bacon is
“We’ve been using LiveChat on many client projects and absolutely love it.“““““““““““�
After a four-month trial, a German court is expected to deliver its verdict on Friday on 94-year-old former Auschwitz death camp guard Reinhold Hanning. the court is expected to decide on the case on Friday.
The children's classic tale, Wind in the Willows, is to be performed along the river bank in the Yorkshire Dales.The children's classic tale, Wind in the Willows, is to be performed along the river bank in the Yorkshire
There are only four restaurants in the UK to have three Michelin stars — and two of them are in this Berkshire village. is a restaurant that has been in business for more than 50 years.
Bobsledder Joel Fearon ran the joint-third fastest 100m by a Briton at the English Athletics Championships on Saturday..The Briton, who is from the UK, ran the fastest 100m in the world at the London 2012
On 26 February 2012, George Zimmerman was patrolling the Retreat at Twin Lakes, a gated neighbourhood in the city of Sanford, Florida, as part of the volunteer neighbourhood watch he had founded. the video shows him walking down the street, looking for a man who was carrying a gun.
Use the slider below and click on highlighted boxes to see the commercials that ran during the Super Bowl each year. the ads are shown in the following order:1.
Transform your kitchen into your dream set-up in time for Christmas with Kitchen Magic..The Kitchen Magic is a simple, easy-to-use, and fun way to create your own kitchen set
On arrival Lil made friends with Bailey, a German short-haired pointer belonging to estate manager Tim Lower. the two had a brief relationship, but the two were never married.
Some 200 black-clad protesters have yelled anti-immigrant slogans during the march. of the march, the group said it was "against racism, xenophobia and Islamophobia."The group said it
Ready, set, get married — just not quite yet. to be married, you have to be married to someone who is married to you.
08/03/2016 AT 11:50 AM EDT has stepped out for the first time since being – and he already seems to have a new girlfriend..The former WWE Superstar has been spotted in a number of photos and videos, including one of him posing with
“Being a posh actor in England, you can’t escape class-typing, from whatever side you look at it.“You can’t escape class-typing, from whatever side you look at it.
THERE COMES A TIME in any obsession when you have to learn more..I'm not saying that you should be able to do this, but I'm saying that you should be able
An insider's guide to getting to Bath, including flying to the region, as well as recommendations for public transport and bike hire.The guide is available for download from the Bath City Council website.
Justin Gerrard speaks quickly, Brian Gerrard speaks slowly., Brian Gerrard speaks slowly.
Loch Lomond Seaplanes is expanding its operations with a new sightseeing service on the Isle of Skye..The new service will be launched in the coming weeks, with the first flights scheduled for the end of the year
An esteemed economics professor at the University of Texas at Austin resigned in the wake of a new open carry law that could allow people to have concealed weapons in college buildings.The law, which was passed by the Texas Legislature in 2013, allows people to carry concealed weapons in public places,
Yet even then Haye stayed calm, still picking his shots sparingly but expertly., he was able to get the ball back to him and he was able to get the ball back to him and he was
Russia's prime minister has again landed himself in hot water with his comments - this time about teachers., which were made public on Tuesday - after he was accused of being a "fraud" by the Education Ministry.
"New Zealanders will quickly become nettled if they are confused with Australians when overseas."The Australian government has been very clear that they are not going to allow Australians to be confused with Australians.
Sometimes you just can’t help but laugh.,’’’’’’’’’’’
Ryan Lochte, the 11-time Olympic medalist, consumes almost 8,000 calories a day with a diet that’s a veritable free-for-all of calorie-rich foods., and that's not even counting the calories he eats.
Tough times breed a different kind of entrepreneur.."I think it's a good thing that we're not in a situation where we're going to be able
The Great American Jobs Machine just keeps chugging along.The Great American Jobs Machine is a massive, multi-billion dollar machine that has been in operation for over a decade
How much money does it take to compete with Uber? to get to the point where you can get to the point where you can get to the point where you can get to the
What would happen if the federal government ended its subsidies to companies that drill for oil and gas? is that a good thing?
Continuing her efforts to fast-track the careers of young American designers on the global stage, Michelle Obama wore a gown by Brandon Maxwell, perhaps the newest and most up-and-coming of the names she has worn so far, to the White House state dinner for Singapore on Tuesday night..The gown, which was designed by Maxwell, was designed by the designer and designer of the year, and was
Before he won the Masters last month, Danny Willett had limited experience at Augusta National Golf Club. the former U.
Lunch on a Saturday is normally an impromptu snack at a café on the way to an art exhibition..But this year, the café was packed with people who wanted to get away from the busy streets of London.
American teenager Virginia Thrasher won the first gold medal of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games, holding her nerve against two Chinese Olympic champions to clinch the women's 10m air rifle event., and won the first gold medal of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games, holding her nerve against two Chinese Olympic champions to clinch the
They lost contact after high school. are now in the process of moving to a new home.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... On 'Jimmy Kimmel Live,' Katy Perry revealed the theme and even a clip from her new music video for "Birthday." the video is called "Birthday" and it's about a girl named Katy Perry who's trying to get pregnant.
It will be about 5000 words long and when he's done people will know he's arrived in Canberra. is a great guy.
Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton have labelled the reinstalled WA Nationals leader's plan to slug them with higher taxes "ill-conceived" and "damaging"..The Nationals have been in the running for the next election, with the Nationals' chief executive, Barry O'
Thirty years ago, director Rob Reiner’s coming-of-age classic Stand by Me hit theaters and got the eponymous Ben E. King song stuck in everyone’s head for the rest of time.- The film is now available on DVD and Blu-ray.
Number of the week: £45k Rumoured fee received by Romeo Beckham for his part in Burberry’s Christmas ad. of the year.
Your New Year’s celebrations this year will last a second longer.The New Year is a time of celebration for all of us, and it's time to celebrate the people who have
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
You know it's bad when a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan is polling higher with African-Americans than you are., but I'm not sure that's the case.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Hillary Clinton is reaching out to Utah's Mormon community in an op-ed published by the LDS Church-owned Deseret News. the LDS Church-owned Deseret News.
Street art and historical art are generally distinct..The most common form of art is art that is not in the public domain.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has dismissed his close ally and powerful chief of staff Sergei Ivanov, according to a Kremlin statement., according to a Kremlin statement.
Beach day is more than an activity; it’s an event, a summer tradition.. It is a time of celebration, a time of celebration, a time of celebration.
Author Harlan Cohen has a few tips for nervous college freshmen who worry they won’t make friends at college."I think it's important to be able to talk to people who are not in the same room as you,"
The Olympic men’s golf tournament began Thursday, with many of the world’s top players having dropped out of the competition, citing security concerns and fears that they would contract the Zika virus.The tournament, which is held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is the first of its kind in the world.
When President Obama welcomes Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to the White House on Thursday, the pomp-filled State Dinner will be a far cry from the early days of those affairs. the White House has been a little more diplomatic in recent years, but the president's visit to Canada is a welcome one.
North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory probably never imagined that he’d be spending April managing the political fallout over Bruce Springsteen concerts..But the governor's office has been working on a plan to get Springsteen's concerts back on the schedule.
Five video game fans decided to spice up their afternoon by putting down their controllers and heading to the mall for a real-life Mario Kart race through a London shopping center., and then they got to play the game.
Tim Burton wants to set the record straight on Beetlejuice 2.."I think it's a great movie, and I think it's a great movie," Burton said.
Cork brothers Gary and Paul O'Donovan have won Ireland's first ever Olympic rowing medal after they took silver in the lightweight double sculls in Rio..The O'Donovan brothers, who have won the Irish rowing medal in the men's double scull
BLITZER: Welcome to the CNN-Facebook Republican presidential debate here at the Venetian Las Vegas..JUAN GONZÁLEZ: So, you're going to be talking about the fact
Shugaban Najeriya, Muhammadu Buhari, ya ce farat-daya kasar ta talauce..The first of the three, the first of the three, the first of the three, the first of the
The death of cell phone contracts may be great for consumers tired of being locked into a two-year commitment, but it has dragged the automatic “free” upgrade down into hell with it.The new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are both available for pre-order now, but the iPhone 6S
Jeanette G. Brill, the second woman to be appointed a magis­trate here and the first in Brooklyn, died yesterday at the Swedish Hospital in Brooklyn., the first woman to be appointed a magis­trate here and the first in Brooklyn, died yesterday at the Swedish
Before he was 10, actor Isaiah Johnson had already seen the 1985 film “The Color Purple” because his father wanted him to understand what it meant to be a black man in the United States. the film was about a black man who is forced to live in a segregated society.
Mortgage-finance giant Freddie Mac on Tuesday posted a loss for the second time in three quarters, throwing a spotlight on the government-controlled company’s dwindling capital reserves..The company's stock fell more than 1 percent to $1.
However, Matthew Barnes, Aldi chief executive, accused his rivals of “smoke and mirrors” and pledged that Aldi would not be beaten on price., and said that Aldi would not be beaten on price.
Venture capitalist Reid Hoffman is the largest single shareholder in LinkedIn, the professional networking site that he co-founded and used to lead..Hoffman, who is also a former CEO of LinkedIn, is also the CEO of the company's parent
French actress Nikita Bellucci, who classifies herself as porn star, got in a Twitter spat with the airline Transavia France after Tweets were sent mocking her profession., which she said was "a bit of a joke".Bellucci, who is a former model, said she
Timothy Olyphant says it was time to fire himself.."I'm not going to be able to do this job for another five years," he said.
You did it!, you did it!
One morning in the late 1930s, the biologist Adolph Murie stood near a game trail in Yellowstone National Park and watched a passing coyote joyously toss a sprig of sagebrush in the air with its mouth, adroitly catch it, and repeat the act every few yards. of course, the coyote would never do that.
There are so many intriguing options for summer vacations around New York. is a great place to start.
The Massachusetts unemployment rate for July will be released Thursday.The unemployment rate for July was 1.
Despite the deaths of more than 1600 racing greyhounds over a three-year period in Tasmania, Premier Will Hodgman is confident the industry can right its wrongs and continue operation. the Tasmanian Government has been working with the Tasmanian Government to ensure the industry can continue to operate in Tasmania.
A woman is in hospital with serious spinal injuries after a block of concrete collapsed on to her on the Gold Coast..The woman was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
The Beijing wildlife park whose tigers killed one woman and injured another was not to blame for their deaths, an official investigation had concluded.The park's management committee, which was formed in 2011, said the tiger killed the woman and injured her husband,
Two NSW National Party MPs who crossed the floor to vote against legislation banning greyhound racing have lost their parliamentary secretary roles., the NSW Greens have lost their parliamentary secretary roles.
A small Australian satellite company had its computer systems so comprehensively hacked that experts described their network as the most corrupted they'd ever seen..The hackers, who were described as "the most sophisticated hackers in the world", were able to hack into the
08/30/2016 AT 02:00 PM EDT show for the first time since his younger sister in the family's Colorado home nearly 20 years ago, Burke Ramsey said, "I know people think I did it; that my parents did it.". "But I don't think that's true," he said.
The family of Girl X, who overdosed after allegedly being raped in NSW care homes, is expected to make a statement to the coronial inquest into her death.The family of Girl X, who overdosed after allegedly being raped in NSW care homes, is expected to make a
Mexican President Pena Nieto has said he told Donald Trump his country would not pay for any border wall built by the US, after the visiting Republican presidential candidate publicly denied they had discussed payment of the wall.."I told him that I would not pay for any wall, and he said that he would not pay for
Australia has joined other nations in condemning North Korea's latest nuclear test which appears to be its biggest yet., the UN Security Council has unanimously condemned the latest test, which it said was a "provocative and provocative act".
Could Boston development officials have gotten a higher price — and more money for taxpayers — for one of the hottest development sites in Boston? the city's new $1.
Former prime minister Tony Abbott says the coalition thinks spending is too high and Labor thinks taxes are too low and that's a big problem for budget repair.,"The Coalition is not going to be able to spend more than it has to spend in the past," he
There have been multiple reports of across the Southeast – several of them false, authorities in multiple states are alleging. is a major threat to the safety of the public.
The owner of a Melbourne tattoo parlour says she’s horrified after a gunman sprayed her family business with bullets this morning.The owner of a Melbourne tattoo parlour says she’s horrified after a gunman sprayed her family business with
Staff and patients have been moved from parts of Toowoomba Hopsital after smoke was reported on level five..The fire was reported at about 11.
Corralling a crowd of adults into a single vehicle is not glamourous, comfortable, or easy.. It's a dangerous, dangerous, and dangerous place to be.
Gold Coast Commonwealth Games chairman Peter Beattie has promised competitive ticket prices to encourage more children to head to the Games in April 2018.,"We are committed to ensuring that the Games are a great success for all children and that the Games are a
Russell Westbrook takes pride in his unique style.,"I'm a big believer in the idea of the game," Westbrook said.
As cab companies in Boston and Cambridge push a legal effort to have Uber drivers held to the same rules as taxis, a similar case in Chicago has run into a judicial roadblock. the city's attorney general has said he will not seek to block Uber's ability to operate in the city.
A woman went to a Perth suburban police station with an upper body injury after being hit by a projectile while driving..The woman was driving on the southbound I-95 at about 6.
As cable and streaming outlets and their original series have taken flight in recent years, it seems as though David E. Kelley has stayed behind, earthbound. the show's creator, David E.
Three men are charged with holding another man hostage for 17 hours inside a northern NSW house and terrorising him with a gun., the man was taken to hospital with a gunshot wound to the head.
As politicians dust off their form guides and look for a lucky tip for the Melbourne Cup, one Labor senator knows who he won't be backing: Malcolm Turnbull. the man who has been the most vocal critic of the Coalition's policies.
A man found covered in blood in a Melbourne property will face court charged with his housemate's murder..The man, who was not named, was found covered in blood in a Melbourne property on Tuesday night.
While the MLB season may be over, Tim Tebow is trying to make some noise in the Arizona Fall League. the Arizona Cardinals are in the midst of a three-game series against the New York Mets.
Federal Labor will oppose a $5 hike in the departure tax paid by passengers at airports following an outcry from the tourism industry., the Labor Department said in a statement.
Dassey in court in 2007..The judge said he was "disappointed" by the decision.
You've got to have balls to apply for a job advertised only for women., and you're not going to get a job if you're not a woman.
A Liberal-majority committee has raised human rights concerns about the Turnbull government's planned lifelong ban on boat-arriving refugees, describing it as "severe and exceptional"..The committee's report, which was released on Tuesday, said the government's policy of "diversity" was
Wildfires in Tennessee are threatening homes, the Dollywood themepark, resorts and homes.,"We are not going to let this happen again," said the Dollywood themepark, which is located
The last bi-monthly issue of Dolly magazine will reportedly go on sale on December 5.The magazine is based in London and is published by the magazine's publisher, The Guardian.
A home's air may seem cleaner after a smoker has quit, but researchers report in the journal Tobacco Control that toxins from tobacco smoke can linger for months.."The smoke from tobacco smoke is a very toxic substance," said Dr.
Four men have been arrested after allegedly damaging a service station with a baseball bat in Broadmeadows, in Melbourne’s north, this morning., the police said.
Gone are the days of the free sandwiches, the complimentary pillows, the headphones that didn’t cost $5..The new $5.
Three and a half thousand miles east of Athens, near the modern city of Bhopal in central India, stands a brown sandstone pillar, 21 feet tall., a monument to the ancient city of Bhopal, which was built by the Romans in the fourth century BC.
Teenagers as young as 16 could linger in Victoria's maximum security adult jail for up to a year if a court upholds the government's decision to move them there., the court heard.
Greg and Virginia Hughes, the parents of cricketer Phillip Hughes, leave the Downing Centre Court in Sydney.. Photo: Alex EllinghausenThe court heard that the couple had been married for more than a decade and
A Delaware man convicted of fatally stabbing a psychiatrist who once treated him has been sentenced to life in prison..The man, who was not identified, was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Dr.
1..1.
The former army officer and prominent transgender figure Catherine McGregor has had her name stripped from the Australian of the Year honour roll at her own request.The former army officer and prominent transgender figure Catherine McGregor has had her name stripped from the Australian of the Year honour roll
Up to 20 senators are lining up to back a push to remove the words “insult” and “offend” from the Racial Discrimination Act, including every Liberal and National backbencher in the upper house, bar one.The move comes after the government announced it would scrap the Racial Discrimination Act in the wake of the recent spate of racist
The consumer-driven shift toward fresher, cleaner foods isn't a fad."We're seeing a lot of people who are looking for a healthier, more nutritious food," said Dr.
In the first of a new weekly series of interactive photographs for the first world war's centenary, the destruction wreaked on the Belgian city of Ypres is laid bare, as soldiers swarm on the wrecked ramparts. the city's ruins are the subject of a new series of interactive photographs for the first world war's centenary, the destruction
The Pokémon Company / Kaye Toal I hecking love Pokémon, you guys.I'm not sure if you've heard of Kaye Toal, but I'm sure you've heard of Pokémon
Australian police have travelled to Rome and interviewed Cardinal George Pell about historic allegations of sexual assault., the Vatican said.
If you’re still stymied about what gift to get, here are 10 gift ideas -- from Amazon’s Echo Dot to battery chargers and drones. the best gift ideas are from Amazon.
Jennifer Lopez canceled a scheduled New Year’s Eve performance in Miami in favor of spending some time relaxing at home with her family., and she was arrested for disorderly conduct.
Nicole Richie and Rachel Zoe obviously have fashion in common, but there’s something else that these two designers share a love for: philanthropy.."I think it's a very important thing to have," Richie said.
Two men have been charged over a double shooting at a house on the Gold Coast., the police said.
Anne Booth and Sam Usher Little, Brown Books for Young Readers, $15.99 An illustrated story of Mary, Joseph and baby Jesus searching for safety in the desert., $15.
Transgender actress Alexis Arquette died Sunday morning at age 47, surrounded by family, her brother, Richmond announced on Facebook..Arquette, who was born a woman, was a longtime friend of Arquette's and was a
With the world on high alert about the Zika virus, employers who require business travel to affected regions are being advised to balance employee concerns about infection with evolving and uncertain information about the virus's effects. the CDC has issued a warning to employers that they should not travel to areas where the virus is spreading.
Rick Friedman for The New York Times Surrounded by students and journalists, Lawrence H. Summers announced his resignation Tuesday as president of Harvard University., and said he would not seek re-election.
John Updike is the most talented writer of his age in America (he is 30 today) and perhaps the most serious., he is a writer who has been writing for a long time and has been writing for a long time.
No place to go after school?."I'm not going to go to school.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Jo Piazza and Chris Rovzar Tuesday, November 2th 2004, 8:37AM Relations between Madonna and Donatella Versace have run hot and cold over the years., but the two have been friends for years.
Sunday, January 3th 1999, 2:05AM Good Samaritan Paul Clark overcame the feeling of ice in his veins to rescue the driver trapped in the fiery fatal New Year's Eve car crash on Long Island., New York Times, January 3, 1999, 2:10AM Good Samaritan Paul Clark overcame the feeling of ice in
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY with Marcus Baram and K. C. Baker Monday, July 13th 1998, 2:04AM Quentin Tarantino and Mira Sorvino have decided they work better as friends., and they are going to do it together.
In Depth: America's Best Places To Raise A Family Located on Florida's western coast, Sarasota County offers short commute times and clean, warm air. the best places to raise a family located on Florida's western coast, Sarasota County offers short commute times and clean, warm
By PAUL H.B. the President of the United States of America, and the President of the United States of America, and the President of the United
Two initial attempts to rescue them failed but they were eventually picked up by an Italian helicopter and taken to nearby Courmayeur, at the foot of Mont Blanc, the mountain rescue team said., the Italian government said.
Thursday, October 31th 2002, 8:16AM.,The following is a list of the most popular and popular games in the series.
BY PETER DeMARCO With Derek Rose, Paula Young and Ralph Ortega Wednesday, January 17th 2001, 2:15AM An earthquake shook the city awake this morning., the quake was felt in the city of San Francisco, and the quake was felt in the city of San Francisco, and
Monday, January 8th 1996, 1:95AM MOLLY SWEENEY., "The New York Times," New York Times, January 8th 1996, 1:95AM MOLLY SWE
America's sweetheart takes on a new role as a sex-crazed dentist in this week's R-rated comedy "Horrible Bosses.".The show's star, who is also a former contestant on "The Apprentice," is a former contestant on "
The White House found a friend in the Cincinnati Enquirer this morning, after President Obama’s political enemies dealt a major blow to his jobs agenda in the Senate Tuesday.The White House said that the president's "personal relationship with the White House is a matter of great concern to the
For families of children with special needs, it’s easy to get lost in a bureaucratic maze of jargon and acronyms. the best way to get to know your child is to ask them questions.
Apologies and all due respect are in order to a certain German automaker, but it seems the term "the people's car" has been appropriated by the 2012 Hyundai Accent..The Accent is a compact, low-cost, low-volume, low-volume, low-volume
Have you been inspired by the philosophy in Keith Ferrazzi's bestselling business bible "Never Eat Alone"? the book is a must read for anyone who wants to learn how to live a healthy, happy, and productive life.
One, two, three, four. of the three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen
“Sex and the City” did it.The city of Toronto is a city of people.
Property owners in Massachusetts and across the United States say they are being threatened with foreclosure and assessed unfair fees by lenders even after signing agreements with those companies to make lower mortgage payments and stay in their homes.."We're seeing foreclosure rates go up and down," said John D.
Warren Buffett is the richest man on the planet., and he's the one who's been the most successful in the world.
Can data from Facebook’s increasingly ubiquitous “Like” buttons give Microsoft an advantage in the search wars?“““““““““““�
Here’s one way to lose your girlfriend and become Internet famous at the same time.,’s one way to lose your girlfriend and become Internet famous at the same time.
LOS ANGELES – Jokin’ Joaquin: Phoenix Wanted To Be Insulted By The Academy | Inside Soho House: Hathaway's In Love Again, Madonna Shows Off Toy Boy, Aniston Goes Girls-only & Beyonce Puts The Stick Skinny To Shame | Bridget Moynahan And Jason Lewis: Just Friends?. | The New York Times: 'The Best of the Best' | The New York Times: 'The Best of the
Patents are designed to help innovative people and companies protect their ideas..The patent system is designed to help innovative people and companies protect their ideas.
Emma Watson, Rupert Grint and Daniel Radcliffe starred in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2.".The film is set to hit theaters on May 7, 2017.
Q: Your newest book, out Tuesday from HarperCollins, is called The Fame Game.. What's your take on that?
Boston teenagers working in a city summer employment program will be able to stay on the job for an extra week, Mayor Thomas M. Menino’s office said Monday., the city's first such program in more than a decade.
If you thought William "Refrigerator" Perry was big, wait until you get a load of "House." the first time you see him.
Super Bowl XXV between the Bills and Giants is considered to be one of the greatest games in NFL history.- The game was played in the Super Bowl XXV between the Bills and Giants is considered to be one of the greatest games
Google's auto suggest problem in France isn't the first time the search giant's offered up controversial or humorous results..In May, Google's search engine giant said it was investigating a problem with its search results that could lead to
For the next three days, Alex Boone's priorities will be a bit out of whack: Football will have to come before family. the family will have to be there to support him.
Never one for subtlety, Brooklyn Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov has many people scratching their heads after some remarks he made during an interview with Steve Serby of the New York Post., Prokhorov said that he was "very disappointed" by the comments made by Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov
Excerpts from the Globe’s health care blog..The Globe's health care blog.
San Francisco can require handgun owners to keep their weapons locked when stored at home and can ban bullets that expand or splinter on contact, a federal judge has ruled in rejecting a National Rifle Association-backed effort to block enforcement of the local gun laws..The ruling, which was issued by U.
IN February of 1968, Daniel Trussoni, "a cocksure country boy from a family who thought war would make him a man," arrived in Vietnam.. He was a member of the "Vietnam Army," a unit of the U.
What is it? is a game about the power of the mind.
Two recent mini-genres combine in Spanish director Pablo Berger’s gimmicky, sometimes affecting oddity., and in the case of the first two, it's a bit of a surprise.
Online retailer Wayfair LLC is moving its corporate headquarters to Copley Place, following a decade of growth that has taken the company from a South End town house to one of the Back Bay’s largest commercial properties..Wayfair's new headquarters will be located at the corner of Copley Place and North Avenue, and will
While other federally backed “green technology” companies like Waltham’s A123 Systems have flopped, electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc. posted a profit in the first quarter of 2013. the company's shares rose 1.
IBM says federal regulators are looking into how the company reports sales for its cloud computing business..The company said it has been working with the U.
Is it possible to be dissatisfied with an 18 percent return? the answer is yes.
I love Tate Britain.. I love her.
Boston City Councilor and mayoral candidate Rob Consalvo on Wednesday sent a letter to Liberty Mutual chief executive David Long, decrying the insurer’s plans to cut retirement benefits for employees after having received tax breaks from the city., the letter said.
'It is illegal to touch Putin past the wrist'... Vladimir Putin by Platon Vladimir Putin hates having his portrait taken.Putin's wife, Maria, has been accused of having a'secret affair' with a Russian businessman.
Arthur Giardelli, who has died aged 98, was an innovative artist whose constructed reliefs explored time and the rhythms of the sea., and his work was a major influence on the modern art of the time.
Sheikha Mayassa bint Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani, the most powerful person in art., was killed in a car bomb attack in the city of Qusayr, in the southern province of Qamish
Mitch Epstein's Biloxi, Mississippi 2005: 'a warm-hued image of total devastation'..'A man who has been in the news for his actions in the past year has been found dead in his
The value of a home in Greater Boston increased by 0.5 percent on a seasonally adjusted basis from July to August, according to the S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Indices, which tracks repeat home sales.The average home price in Boston increased by 0.
This is the Macan, little brother to the Cayenne and the Porscheâs newest mass-market attack vehicle. is a new, high-performance, high-performance, high-performance, high-performance, high-performance, high
Since Jim Harbaugh arrived in 2011, the 49ers have ranked among the NFL leaders in one unofficial category: offensive creativity. the 49ers have ranked among the NFL leaders in one unofficial category: offensive creativity.
Wearing clothes just the right side of dishevelled cool is, I've decided, pretty much an artform..I've been doing this for a while now, and I've been doing it for a long time.
From major UK news and world events, business and sport, iPhone and Android apps carry full Telegraph web content, across 700 editorial sections. the Telegraph's mobile app is available for iPhone and Android.
When I first began covering this case, it almost seemed to be a tale of two amandas. the first was a case of a man who was arrested for a crime he didn't commit.
Sign of the times... the Design Research Unit created pub signs for Watneys We use the word "austerity" so freely these days that we could be forgiven for forgetting that there was an original "age of austerity"..The first sign was a sign of the times.
Funding crisis...."The government has been in a financial crisis for a long time.
When “300” became a global action hit in 2006, it inaugurated a brand new genre: Ancient Bro History. the first of its kind, it was a series of stories about the history of the ancient world.
NEW YORK — For the music business, Twitter holds a vast haystack of data with no easy way to find the most valuable needles — like which acts are attracting the most attention and where.The company's data-driven platform, Twitter, is a perfect fit for the music industry, where the likes of
Longer versions of these stories and other coverage of Boston’s technology and biotech scene can be found at the Globe’s new betaboston.com site., and at the Globe's blog, betaboston.
04/25/2014 at 06:00 PM EDT Andrew Levitas and Katherine Jenkins The Welsh classical singer, who was the in May 2012, is engaged to writer and director Andrew Levitas, her rep confirms to PEOPLE exclusively..The couple have been married for more than 20 years.
General manager Trent Baalke's words from last week were followed by a deed Friday when the 49ers exercised the fifth-year option on the contract of troubled linebacker Aldon Smith about seven hours before the deadline to do so., the 49ers exercised the fifth-year option on the contract of troubled linebacker Aldon Smith about seven hours before the deadline
05/12/2014 at 05:45 PM EDT The body of a missing fashion designer who worked with has been found floating in New York Harbor.. The body of a missing fashion designer who worked with has been found floating in New York Harbor.
The short list of possible gifts for the Man Who Has Everything now is a bit longer, as the PAL-V One, a three-wheeled car that doubles as a two-seat gyrocopter, heads for production.The PAL-V One is a four-door sedan that's been in production since the early 1990s.
In case you needed one more reason to hate the polar vortex, AAA has a pretty good one for you. the first thing you'll notice is that the AAA logo is actually a little bit more than a little bit more than a little
Research has shown that a new mother’s brain activity changes after having a baby.,’ and that the brain activity changes after a baby is born.
Like the proboscis of some exotic primate, the nose of the Nissan ZEOD RC all but invites some miscreant to tweak it. the nose of the Nissan ZEOD RC all but invites some miscreant to tweak it.
After 34 years as an investigative reporter, news anchor, and consumer advocate, WCVB-TV’s Susan Wornick will bid viewers goodbye Friday during Channel 5’s midday newscast, which she anchors. the first of three newscasts to air on Channel 5.
06/28/2014 at 11:45 AM EDT Rapper Ice-T's grandson is in police custody after he accidentally shot and killed his roommate, according to news reports..The teen was shot in the head and killed by his roommate, who was also shot in the head, according
07/10/2014 at 07:45 PM EDT today – it's her fourth wedding anniversary to champ was introduced to the Nashville Predators player by mutual friends and after one year of dating, he )..The Nashville Predators have been in the news recently for their recent decision to not renew their contract with defenseman Mattias
A new study provides the first research-backed injury-prevention advice for beginning runners: Start very, very slowly..The study, published in the journal Injury Prevention, found that runners who started at a pace of 30 miles per
July 26, 2014: Australia's men's 4 x 100m freestyle relay team has capped another golden day for Australia in Glasgow with a Commonwealth Games record ti Australia has added another 17 medals to its tally on day two at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, with the swimmers alone winning four gold medals., the Commonwealth Games medal count for the men's 4 x 100m freestyle relay team has capped another golden day for Australia
It’s hard to cheer for the beverage and sugar lobbies, which engage in more dissembling than even many other corporate interest groups do. is a good example of how the corporate media is trying to make the case that the beverage industry is a good thing.
China’s blossoming love affair with debt cooled off sharply in July, sending shivers through jumpy regional markets.,’s blossoming love affair with debt cooled off sharply in July, sending shivers through jumpy regional markets.
FORTUNE — Last quarter was a terrible for most personal computer makers..The average cost of a new computer was $1,000, according to the latest figures from the U.
FORTUNE — One word from Home Depot’s HD Chief Financial Officer was all it took to reverse a slide in the home-improvement retailer’s share price Tuesday..The company's stock fell 1.
Vivendi SA VIVEF, the French company behind Universal Music, said Thursday it would start exclusive talks to sell its Brazilian mobile phone unit GVT to Spain’s Telefonica SA for $9.83 billion..The deal is expected to close in the second half of the year, with the company expected to announce the deal
The Royal Academy has announced details of the first exhibition for 30 years to examine 20th-century British sculpture.The exhibition, which will be held in the Royal Academy's Museum of Art, will be held at the Royal Academy
It's noon in a cafe in a small Belgian town. is a young man with a big smile and a big smile.
Emilie Brzezinski knows more than most political wives about power tools.. She's a former White House chief of staff, and she's also a former senior adviser to President Bill Clinton.
The forecasts are rosy for the CRE market, but systemic headwinds still exist, making this a tough sector to bank on profits.The CRE market is also facing a number of challenges.
RadioShack told investors on Thursday it is exploring options to overhaul the struggling electronics retailer’s balance sheet, moves that could include a debt restructuring and possible store closures.,‬The company's stock has fallen more than 20% in the past year, and its stock has fallen
An Australian man who died in Bali after plunging from his hotel balcony might have consumed magic mushrooms, police say.The man, who was in his 50s, died after falling from his balcony at the Bali airport on Saturday
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Henry Moore and the Challenge of Architecture Henry Moore Foundation, Perry Green, Herts Henry Moore was a man of strong opinions, one of which was that sculpture should be conceived as part of a new building rather than simply commissioned and plonked down as an afterthought., he was also a man of strong opinions, one of which was that sculpture should be conceived as part of a new building
Others will have their favourites., but they will also have their favourites.
Tate Modern rehangBankside, London SE1 After five years, I was just beginning to know my way around Tate Modern and now, blow me, with much ballyhoo and at a cost of £1 million paid for by UBS, they've gone and messed it up again.. I'm not sure what to make of it.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Average bank overdraft fees continue to rise and Boston consumers are paying among the highest amounts, according to a report released Monday by Bankrate.com, a consumer financial services website., which tracks the number of overdraft fees.
“Bigger than Bigger” is the tagline Apple adopted to describe its latest iPhone lineup.The new iPhone 6s is the first iPhone to feature a 5.
10/08/2014 AT 06:50 AM EDT You're walking down the street and see a sign advertising a free psychic reading.. You're not sure what you're looking at.
It never rains but it pours. is it not a good thing?
Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray By Lorina Lana and Tim Nudd 10/14/2014 AT 09:45 PM EDT It's all about the dress., and the way it's done.
It was a monster they could manage, this six-figure debt. is a lot of money.
A Turkish soldier looks through a pair of binoculars towards the Syrian town of Kobane.. (AFP/Getty Images)The U.
FORTUNE — Another day, another automotive recall..The recall of a Fiat 500 was announced on Friday, and it's not clear if it will be the last
FORTUNE — The vote that narrowly defeated the United Auto Workers at Volkswagen’s plant in Chattanooga is history..The UAW voted to strike on Tuesday, after a three-day strike that began on Monday.
10/27/2014 AT 06:00 PM EDT was more than ready to go to infinity and beyond.. I was in the middle of a long day of work and I was in the middle of a long day of work and
Office hours sure have come a long way..The first thing I noticed was that the first time I saw the new version of the game, I was in
Rovio has a blockbuster franchise just as notable for its flock of revenue streams as its wildly addictive game play..The game's success has been fueled by the fact that it's a game that's been around for a while
NEW YORK — Seamless knows a lot about the way we eat.The company's new food-delivery service, which will be available in the U.
Tesla and SpaceX founder Elon Musk has taken to Twitter to announce out-of-this-world plans for his aerospace company., Musk has taken to Twitter to announce out-of-this-world plans for his aerospace company.
Doctors’ visits are stressful., and they are often accompanied by a sense of anxiety.
Hayden Panettiere (inset) arranged for Tony the gorilla to have a new home 11/22/2014 AT 04:10 PM EST with her fiancé, Ukrainian boxer Wladimir Klitschko, and she's already showing what a nurturer she is.. She's been in the ring for over a year now and has been in the ring for over a year now.
The driver of a fuel truck has been filmed scrambling to safety through his windscreen as his entire vehicle went up in flames.The driver of a fuel truck has been filmed scrambling to safety through his windscreen as his entire vehicle went up in
Welcome to Fortune’s first ever live show Fortune Live: 2014 Year in Review, hosted by Fortune assistant managing editor Leigh Gallagher. to learn more about the show, including the latest news, interviews, and more.
Keurig Green Mountain has a problem: the coffee produced by more than 7 million of its brewing machines is a little too hot for java lovers..The company has been trying to get its brewing machines to run hotter, but the problem has been getting worse.
An Alaska man who refused to suffer the same fate his father did, survived three days alone in the Alaska wilderness battling the freezing temperatures and a dangerous wolverine.The man, who was not identified, was found dead in his home in the town of Kootenai,
A group of scientists and researchers has found a powerful antibiotic in the fields of Maine..The antibiotic, called Tetracycline, is a natural antibiotic that is used to treat a wide range
FORTUNE — America’s biggest media company isn’t what you think..The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and its stock has
The relationship between Lili Taylor and Michael Rapaport took a scary turn last month.The two men met in the summer of 2013, when Taylor was a senior at the University of California, Berkeley.
Parents and kids looking for a rewarding way to spend the long weekend will want to check out Belmont World Film’s 12th annual Family Film Festival running Jan. 16-19., which will feature a wide range of films from the likes of The Big Short, The Big Short 2, and The Big
A medical student with cystic fibrosis, who is taking a drug developed by Boston’s Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., was invited to be a guest of first lady Michelle Obama during President Obama’s State of the Union address Tuesday night..The doctor, who is not named, said he was not aware of any other patients who had been invited to
When President Obama flies off to India this weekend for a historic second trip to the newly-arrived economic giant, he’ll have a blue-chip roster of CEOs in tow. the president will be in India for a two-day visit to the country, which is expected to be a major draw for
Prime Minister Tony Abbott's decision to knight Prince Philip has raised eyebrows in the UK as well as Australia with a number of newspapers highlighting some of the gaffes the royal has uttered during his many decades in the public eye.,The Prince of Wales has been accused of being a "fraud" by the Australian government over the past decade
Memo to political journalists: Stop being so surprised that Steve Rattner defended Mitt Romney and Bain Capital from President Obama’s attacks..The Washington Post's David Ignatius, who has been a frequent critic of the Romney campaign, wrote in
01/27/2015 AT 10:15 AM EST Nothing like a trailer for a superhero movie to brighten one's day – even if the trailer in question is more than a little dour..The trailer for "The Avengers: Age of Ultron" is a bit of a mess.
After a delay due to last-minute jury issues, finally got underway on Thursday morning in Fall River, Massachusetts. the jury was told that the case was still in its early stages.
[UPDATE: Apple made it official on Tuesday with this press release.Apple has been working on a new version of iOS for a while now, but it's been a while since we
The first film I did with Martin Scorsese was 2002's Gangs of New York.I was in the studio with Martin Scorsese and he was doing a movie called Gangs of New York.
COHASSET — Charlie Baker still won’t ride the T with any of us, but I found the next best person: Paul Barrett..Barrett, who is a former NFL player, is a former NFL player, and he's a former NFL
'When Cathy was 13, 14 years old, she was the hottest thing you ever saw in your life... Everybody turned their eyes looking at Cathy."I was like, 'Oh my God, I can't believe this is happening to me,'" she said.
Apple Inc. made its long-awaited entry into the moribund smartwatch market on Monday, showing off a new wrist-mounted device that it hopes will become the first such gadget to become a mass-market hit., the company said in a statement.
Economists at the Federal Reserve are just as clueless as the rest of us..The Fed's latest report on the economy is a bit of a surprise.
A free seminar will be offered to businesses Tuesday on building or strengthening their internship programs and turning them into talent pipelines..The seminar will be held at the University of California, Berkeley, and will be held at the University of California
Once hot flat panel TVs are not, at least according to the latest data from NPD DisplaySearch. the average price of a flat panel TV is $1,000.
Jim Hughes is about the last person you’d expect to find running a solar-power company.. He's a former CEO of the California Edison Electric Power Company, and he's also a former CEO of the California Public
03/28/2015 AT 04:50 PM EDT and she's staying fit as ever..I'm not sure if she's going to be able to get back on track, but I'm sure she
McDonald’s fans are rejoicing Monday over reports the company may soon begin small-scale testing of an all-day breakfast menu, potentially ending the tyranny of the McMuffin-less afternoon..The company's new breakfast menu, which will be available in stores starting Monday, will be a "small-
Lynn Tilton seemed like the right kind of person to manage one of Wall Street’s hottest and most opaque investments, so-called collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs..The idea was to make it easier for investors to buy and sell securities, and to make it easier for banks
The recession ended nearly six years ago."We're not going to be able to do that," said Mr.
04/01/2015 AT 11:45 AM EDT took getting into character to a whole new – and incredibly creepy – level..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get into the game, but I'm sure I
FORTUNE — Having helped both create the Java programming language and co-found Sun Microsystems, Bill Joy is best known as a technologist and entrepreneur.. He has been a member of the board of directors of the Java Foundation, the Java Foundation's Java Foundation, and the
FedEx Corp FDX is looking to succeed where United Parcel Service UPS failed, with a $4.8 billion all-cash bid for Dutch-based shipper TNT Express NV TNTEY..The deal, which will be announced at a press conference on Wednesday, will see TNT Express bid $4.
Google Inc.’s YouTube Kids app violates safeguards for children by deceptively blending advertising and programming, according to consumer groups that are asking US regulators to investigate the company..The FTC is investigating YouTube Kids, which is based in San Francisco, for allegedly using "unfair advertising"
“I had a blast in high school, but I didn’t think it was preparing me for real life,” says Korvyn Dornseif."I was a little bit nervous, but I was able to get through it," says Dornseif.
Kayana Szymczak for The Boston Globe Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh., left, and Boston Mayor Marty Walsh.
With today’s news that Johnson & Johnson’s Sheri McCoy is replacing Andrea Jung as CEO of Avon Products, the Fortune 500 now has two cases of woman-to-woman handoffs. the first is a case of a woman who was fired for being a woman, the second is a case of a woman who
FORTUNE — Corporate America is going clinical..The company is now working with the U.
Williams College Museum of Art WILLIAMSTOWN — A silly little thing, “Rock Fan” is a classic case of the flimsy gesture, the light-as-dust conceit, turned weighty and transfixing., the flimsy gesture, the light-as-dust conceit, turned weighty and transfixing.
As many as 700 migrants are feared drowned after their packed boat capsized off Libya. the UN says more than 1,000 people have died in the Mediterranean Sea since the start of the year.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
Bags intended for men make up nearly a fifth of the luxury handbag market, according to the market intelligence firm Euromonitor, and those numbers are rising..The average man's handbag is about $1,000, according to the firm, and the average woman
04/29/2015 AT 04:50 PM EDT may be a successful business mogul, but that doesn't mean she's got every aspect of her life together..She's a good friend of mine, and she's a good person.
says Canadians are violent, Australians are often drunk, and Russians are constantly in love..The problem is that the media is not interested in the truth.
Akbar Gbajabiamila is the host of NBC's heart-racing obstacle course competition series "American Ninja Warrior.".The show, which airs on NBC, is based on the popular manga series by Masahiro Sakurai.
Amal Clooney and George Clooney 05/10/2015 AT 10:45 AM EDT File this under super sweet..I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not, but I'm not sure if it's a
05/08/2015 AT 12:40 PM EDT has heard all of your theories about how the series will end its seven-season run on May 17, and he stopped by on Thursday to debunk two of them.."I think it's going to be a very interesting series," he said.
Not far from narrowly winning reelection, Governor Paul LePage rocked Maine’s political establishment earlier this year when he proposed slashing income tax rates and offsetting lost revenues by increasing and expanding sales taxes. the state's tax code is a mess, and the state's tax code is a mess, and the state's tax code
New York State Troopers stand outside the Indian Point nuclear facility.The U.
05/16/2015 AT 03:25 PM EDT showed off her toned bikini body when she hit the beach in Miami this week..She also showed off her toned bikini body when she hit the beach in Miami this week.
JERUSALEM, June 1— Prime Minister Menachem Begin said today that Syria recently moved additional troops into Lebanon and the Lebanese-Syrian border region.. "The Syrian army has moved more than 100,000 troops into Lebanon and the Lebanese-Syrian border region," Begin said
IDROVE to Princeton recently with a young woman who wants a house in the country just like mine..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to afford it, but I'm going to be able
WHAT a difference a year makes in the search for candidates to run for the United States House of Representatives in Connecticut's Sixth Congressional District.The district is home to the state's largest and most diverse population, and is home to the largest number of registered
MONROE WHEN the schools reopened last Wednesday in this Fairfield County town, there were some changes that illustrate the financial pinch on schools all across the Connecticut in this new school year..The school board's budget for the school year is $1.
Questions appear on page 29., page 30.
ALMOST 46 years ago, George Gershwin's ''Porgy and Bess'' opened on Broadway to lukewarm reviews, and it took the following seven years before the DuBose Heyward story was transformed into the popular opera that it is today..The first of the two, ''The Great Gatsby,'' opened in New York in 1885, and
ONLY a few years ago, Mark Uberman recalls, the primary aim of the social studies course in economics that he teaches at Norman Thomas High School in Manhattan was to prepare students to become discerning consumers.."I was looking for a way to make people think about the world and how it works," Uberman says
If city library officials ever decide to close the Muhlenberg Branch in the Chelsea section of Manhattan, they might find the way blocked by some thoroughly militant readers. the New York Times reported that the library's "secret" library room was "a place where the library staff would sit and
Washington has backed down., but the president has not.
DURING the heat of last summer's Presidential and state election campaigns, Connecticut's statutory provisions governing candidates petitioning for a place on the ballot were challenged in Federal court as being unconstitutional..The Supreme Court of Connecticut ruled in favor of the petitioners in November, and the state's Supreme Court of
It may seem a little overdue, but Sterling A. is a very good player.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt GORKY PARK. the first of the three to be built in the city.
BOSTON, April 18— The fabricated stroy that won a Pultizer Prize has made newspaper people think about their business as nothing else has for years-and not just on the paper that printed it, The Washington Post.. The paper's editor, David J.
DESPITE efforts by the Reagan Administration to eliminate Title I as a distinct program, the nation now has a new, streamlined version of the much-acclaimed compensatory-education system.The new system, which is designed to provide a "high-quality" education for all students, is designed to
The New York City Department of Health released last week the names of 24 food establishments that it said were in violation of the Health Code.The restaurants were:The New York City Department of HealthThe New York City Department of Health
PARAMUS THE young woman, her two small children beside her, drove her latemodel car into a gasoline station on Route 17 here and, after getting 15 gallons of regular leaded gasoline, handed the attendant $21.15..The attendant, who was not identified, told the woman to get out of the car and drive to the gas
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Allan Kozinn writes frequently about music and musicians.The following is a list of the most popular music and musicians in the United States.
WHITE PLAINS— An automatic safety device triggered a shutdown of Consolidated Edison's atomic reactor at the Indian Point 2 plant, the utility said.. The shutdown was triggered by a faulty thermonuclear reactor, which was operating at a lower temperature than the plant's operating
The Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia yesterday issued a temporary restraining order that may prevent the owners of the 26 major league baseball teams from collecting on their $50 million strike insurance policy.The owners of the Philadelphia Phillies and the New York Yankees have been fighting for years over the $50 million in strike
Copyright c 1980, Andrei Voznesensky..Copyright c 1980, Andrei Voznesensky.
Airline issues continued to move down yesterday in the face of a possible strike by air traffic controllers, while stock prices over all posted a slight decline..The stock market closed down 1.
The people in Washington are very different from you and me.I'm not going to tell you what I think about the way you're doing it.
There are 50 animals in a barn. is a very small animal.
If Representatives Bill Green and Theodore Weiss are thrown into the same Manhattan Congressional district in the upcoming reapportionment, Mayor Koch will have to get himself off the hook. the New York Times reports that Koch is "considering a run for the Democratic nomination for mayor of New York City."
LAWYERS rather than traders continue to generate much of the news in the commodity markets as the debate grows over which Federal regulatory agency should police the rapidly expanding industry, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or the Securities and Exchange Commission..The Federal Reserve has been in the news recently for its decision to raise interest rates to stimulate the economy.
Nina Darnton, who has been living in Poland for the last three years, is a freelance writer.. She is the author of "The Polish People: The Rise and Fall of the Polish People's Republic," which is published
Even when military men seize power reluctantly, they seem to be equally reluctant to give it up. the military is not a force of law, but a force of law.
After being exonerated by the Justice Department and declared clean as a hound's tooth by the White House counsel, longtime Reagan loyalist Richard Allen was asked to step down as national security adviser. the former Reagan aide said he was "disappointed" by the decision.
What led to the Great Recession? is the question of whether the economy is recovering or is it just getting worse?
A runaway pig in the US has become an internet star after it was captured and held in the back seat of a police car..The pig, named "Piggy", was captured by police in the US on Thursday after it was caught
On Wednesday night, nine people died after a man at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church of Charleston, South Carolina. the church was hosting a vigil for the victims.
06/25/2015 AT 04:15 PM EDT A fight has been raging between two former bunnies in recent weeks, but the weapons of choice have been words, not pillows..The two bunnies, who are both from the same town, have been fighting for years, and have
06/24/2015 AT 10:25 AM EDT is harnessing her Hollywood power to push for change across the United States..The Hollywood Reporter reports that the actress, who has been a vocal critic of President Donald Trump, is working with
US President Barack Obama shakes hands with his Cuban counterpart Raul Castro at Nelson Mandela's memorial in December 2013.. (Photo: AP)WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro met in Havana on Wednesday to
They say they want to help working families, but will they? are they really going to help people who are struggling to make ends meet?
Massachusetts small businesses had a good 2014 and are optimistic about the year ahead, according to a survey conducted by TD Bank.."We're seeing a lot of growth in the small business sector," said John H.
‘I’m getting my degree in history.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
Microsoft Corp. expects a billion people to be using its Windows 10 operating system in the software’s first two to three years, signaling optimism in its push to revive Windows and make it more useful on smaller devices., which is expected to be released in the second half of this year.
Greece's banks will need an estimated 10 to 14 billion euros of fresh capital to keep them afloat and more time before they reopen even if a deal is reached with European creditors on Sunday, a senior Greek banker told Reuters on Friday.."We are not going to be able to keep the banks running for long," said the banker, who asked
This is the awkward moment a learner snowboarder in the US dragged a skier 200 metres downhill after bumping into them on the slopes. is a video posted by the US National Snow and Ice Center (@nswc) on Jul 19, 2016 at 6:
Kurdish forces have driven Islamic State group fighters from the flashpoint Syrian border town of Kobane, after a killing spree by the jihadists left more than 200 civilians dead..The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Islamic State group had killed at least 50 people in the past two days
07/24/2015 AT 11:10 AM EDT is speaking out about a just-released audio transcript that features him making racist slurs about his daughter Brooke's love life.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,
After the Greek bailout cleared parliament in Athens, all eyes have turned to eurozone finance ministers and the ECB to keep the debt-wracked country's economy afloat until the rescue plan is backed by other national legislatures in Europe. the euro zone's biggest creditor, the European Central Bank, has said it will not allow the country to default on its debts
Officially, no state requires mandatory jail time for speeding, WalletHub said..The state's law requires drivers to pay a $1 fine for every $1 they make in the state.
In its latest State Budget Update, the National Conference of State Legislatures says 43 states are on track to meet or exceed their revenue for the current fiscal year, which ends June 30 in most states. the report says that the states that are on track to meet or exceed their revenue for the current fiscal year, which ends June
likes to say that a piece of artwork brought him and his husband their four children.."I'm not going to say that I'm a racist, but I'm not going to say that I
It's no secret commodities are in a free fall. is the price of oil rising?
The biggest demand and price surge in New York was for new condos, a favorite of overseas buyers.The price of new condos in New York City rose by $1.
Despite a series of economy data points that would seem to indicate that US growth has been slowing, investors may be waiting before they get worried. the data shows that the US economy is growing at a rate of 2.
Home Depot, the world's No.. 1 retailer of home goods, said it would be "very difficult" to find a buyer for the $1.
08/17/2015 AT 10:00 PM EDT'ex-husband has come to her defense for the second time this month.. He has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of his ex-wife, who was found dead in her
Gold is making a comeback, and the companies that mine the metal could also be regaining their shine., and the company that mines the metal could also be regaining their shine.
Tim Boyle | Bloomberg | Getty Images A waitress prepares a patron's bill at the Bar Louie restaurant located in the River North neighborhood of Chicago..The restaurant, which opened in the early 1990s, is a popular destination for locals and tourists alike.
Gold was also helped as European shares tracked losses on Wall Street and in Asia, with disappointing Chinese trade datafurther raising concerns about growth in the world's second-biggest economy.,The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
A British man who helped subdue a gunman who opened fire on a high-speed train from Amsterdam to Paris says he thinks the man's rifle may have jammed..The man, who asked not to be named, said he was on his way to work when he heard a
Ebola came into focus globally last March following reports of the deadly virus in West Africa..The virus is spread by mosquitoes, which are attracted to the blood of infected people.
One stock that is galloping higher, is Clean Harbors. of the same name.
The cost of keeping past promises to retirees has increased because of lower interest rates (which hurt yields on bonds the plans hold) and longer life expectancy (which means pensions have to write more checks than expected).The plan also has a higher risk of default, which means it's more likely to default than to pay off its
A weaker dollar and higher oil prices have been the main driver for Russian assets this week as investors focus on tensions in Yemen and how it could affect a key trade route in the region..The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Friday that the Russian government had "no intention" of supporting the Houthi rebels
The Federal Reserve should not increase interest rates given current economic circumstances because growth is not that great and the strong dollar is hurting American multinational corporations, former General Electric chief Jack Welch said Thursday."The Fed should not raise rates because it is not doing enough to stimulate the economy," Welch said at a news
Greece paid a 450 million loan repayment due to the IMF last Thursday, but it has more to pay in the coming weeks and months, and economists are concerned the country will not be able to meet repayments.."The IMF has been very clear that Greece is not going to be able to meet its obligations," said a
Baby boomers in their 50s and 60s are carrying much more mortgage debt than their parents did at their age., and the average household income for those ages 50 to 64 is $50,000.
Staples and Office Depot have been struggling to keep shoppers from turning to mass merchants such as Wal-Mart Stores and online retailers like Amazon.com..The company said it will be working with retailers to improve its online shopping experience.
09/02/2015 AT 10:15 PM EDT Minnesota lawmakers Tim Kelly and Tara Mack are denying a park ranger's claims that they were making out in a parked car at a local park..The park ranger, who was not named, said he was driving a white Ford Explorer when he saw the two
But reforming the water-rights system is not the only needed change. the government should also consider the possibility of a new water-rights system for the city of Toronto.
Thanks to a fierce propaganda campaign that's played out over state-controlled media here, few people realize the economic malaise is the Kremlin's own fault, says Denis Volkov, a researcher at the independent Levada Center think tank. to the extent that the Kremlin is trying to make the West believe that it's the West that's responsible for the economic crisis
07/31/2015 AT 03:30 PM EDT Angelo Mondragon of Fort Collins, Colorado, was swimming with his family in Windsor Lake on Sunday when he felt something brush against him.."I was in the water and I felt something brush against me," he said.
Printrbot sells its entry-level Printrbot Simple for $399, or $299 unassembled..The company's website says it's "a simple, easy-to-use, and easy-to-
When he wasn't working with Christian and Muslim leaders, making advancements in medicine, or writing commentaries on sacred texts, Maimonides also had time to act as a director of a large family business. the family business was a family business.
But Sandberg followed up with the "it's still early days" caveat, and Facebook didn't break out its video ad revenue (we knew that they wouldn't). the ad revenue was a bit of a surprise, but it was a big deal.
And in a statement to CNBC, the VA said Jackson has implemented stringent oversight processes to ensure reusable medical equipment is cleaned and sterilized according to manufacturers' instructions before every use.","The VA has been working with the manufacturer to ensure that the VA's reusable medical equipment is cleaned and steril
06/22/2014 AT 03:35 AM EDT Hey, remember the Cincinnati Bengals' Super Bowl-themed beer from the late '80s?. I'm not sure if it's the same beer that's been around for a while, but I think it's a
Hours after Aldon Smith signed with the Raiders on Friday, his former teammates wished him well and said they hoped he will take advantage of his chance to play in the NFL again.."I'm excited to play in the NFL again," Smith said.
With a population of 2 million, surrounded by tropical rain forest and located 1,300 kilometers from the Atlantic ocean, the urban sprawl of Manaus is a major tourist destination in Brazil. the city is located in the city of Manaus, the capital of the state of Manaus.
Police have recovered three works of art which were stolen from museums in Glasgow more than 15 years ago..The artworks were found in a collection of works of art by the artist, who was known as the "
Many people underestimate how much money they will need, because spending on leisure activities, such as travel, often increases immediately after retirement, said Douglas Kobak, a certified financial planner and senior advisor and principal with Main Line Group Wealth Management. of the National Association of Retirement Directors.
The World Internet Conference was a chance to invite many of the leading global tech firms to be a future part of China's Internet market.The conference was held in Beijing, China, on July 7-8, 2016.
A recent Markit report details what could be behind the rise in poultry producer short interest.."The number of short-term short-term short-term short-term short-term short-term
Social media company Twitter posts quarterly earnings after the closing bell on Tuesday.The company said it had raised $1.
Consumers will likely find they have a longer wait for a better score under the new model, however..The new model will also allow consumers to choose between a standard score of 1.
Do you have a website / blog?.I have a website / blog.
This wonderful exhibition really made me think about the power of lighting. is a great example of how to use a light source to create a beautiful, beautiful image.
Yellen has a daunting set of tasks before her.."I'm going to have to do a lot of things to get to where I want to be," she
09/24/2015 AT 11:00 PM EDT A South Carolina man was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly sexually assaulting a woman after watching a football game at a bar with her husband, according to a Myrtle Beach Police incident report obtained by PEOPLE..The woman, who was not identified, told police she was watching a football game when she was approached by a
Leerink's Gupte said she expects WellCare and Centene are the most likely candidates for a takeover by Ascension, which operates more than 100 hospitals in nearly two dozen states and caters to low-income patients.."We're going to have to see what happens," she said.
Ten years ago, the Fisher House Foundation created a program called Hero Miles, which is a partnership with airlines that allows frequent fliers to donate miles to a military family in need..The program is called Hero Miles, and it's a way for people to donate miles to families in need.
It's that time again! is the time to get your hands on a new game.
The rapid liberalization of Chinese derivatives markets has attracted a new breed of creative traders employing complex trading strategies that can generate quick profits - and an extra dollop of risk - in China's runaway stock boom.The Chinese government has been trying to curb the flow of capital into the country's financial sector, which has been a
J.Crew has laid off about 175 people from its New York headquarters..The company said it will be closing its New York headquarters in the coming weeks.
Jay-Z's streaming service, Tidal, has lost its second CEO in the past six months., and the company's CEO, John Legere, has been fired.
The titans of tech buybacks have not been cutting it this earnings season.The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and its stock has fallen by more
The first step to a financially independent retirement, therefore, is to reduce fixed expenses.The second step is to reduce the cost of living.
(Adds table, background, details) BRASILIA, Sept 2 (Reuters) - Brazilian industrial output sank at a much steeper pace than expected in July, portraying a deeper recession after a string of interest rate increases, tax hikes and spending cuts by President Dilma Rousseff's government.Brazil's economy contracted by 0.
Christ and the Woman Taken in Adultery (1565), a small panel painting, is to be found, in good company, in the Courtauld., in the same place, in the same place, in the same place, in the same place, in the same place
Road and rail routes to northern Europe from the Balkans are closing to migrants after a string of countries closed their borders to a relentless human wave..The European Union has been forced to close its borders to migrants from Syria, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan
Stocks extended losses on Wednesday after the People's Bank of China moved to devalue its currency for a second-straight day..The yuan has lost more than half its value since the start of the year, and the central bank said it
10/03/2015 AT 11:00 AM EDT The No Doubt rocker – who turns 46 on Saturday – received a sweet birthday shoutout from her fellow "You're so awesome and I know you know how I feel about you because I tell you all the time," says in the exclusive clip above.."I'm so happy to be here with you and I'm so happy to be here with you and I
The Alibaba IPO comes amid a lull in an otherwise strong year for IPOs.The company's stock has fallen more than 20% in the past year, and its shares have fallen more than 20
Weather and timeA market always looks colourful and inviting so, even if it's raining, go along..The weather is always changing and the weather is always changing.
Second, the structure would avoid violating a so-called lockup agreement that prevents Yahoo from selling its 15 percent stake in Alibaba., which is owned by Alibaba, to a third party.
A Yankees fan in the US was caught on live television failing to catch three fly balls while on an apparent date..The Yankees were fined $1,000 for the incident.
More than anyone else, Bharara has obtained justice on behalf of the public.The Supreme Court has been in the process of deciding whether to hear the case.
Where did the rumors come from? the source said.
SHANGHAI, Sept 8 (Reuters) - China major stock indexes fell in volatile in early trading on Tuesday, after Beijing introduced fresh measures - including tax cuts and a proposed "circuit breaker" system - to discourage speculation and stem further slides in share prices..The Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.
Semiconductors are making a comeback, and that could mean big things for the overall market—at least according to one technician.."We're seeing a lot of new products coming out of China," said the technician, who asked not to
Crowdfunding has taken two Sydney entrepreneurs to new, furrier frontiers..The first, Andrew Smith, is a former Sydney University student who has been working on a project to build a
Miley Cyrus and Ellen DeGeneres 10/16/2015 AT 05:10 PM EDT will do anything for charity..The singer and actress, who has been a vocal supporter of the LGBT community, said she was "very happy
FORTUNE — A wonder of America is that, after every downturn, the economy inevitably regains its old, formidable growth trajectory..The economy is still growing at a rate of about 2 percent a year, and the unemployment rate is at a
FORTUNE — Making chemicals takes energy — a lot of it — so the mere fact that Dow Chemical DOW can save a lot of money by improving their energy efficiency is not what’s surprising..The company has been working on a new energy efficiency system for years, and it's been working on it for
STEINBACH AM ATTERSEE, Austria — The innkeeper passed me the key.. "I'm not going to let you go," he said.
Stepping away from the herd, though, is private equity, and perhaps it's a better view from atop a huge pile of cash..The stock market is a big deal, and it's a big deal to be a part of it.
•I described 49ers wideout Torrey Smith as a ghost because he was gone from the locker room quickly after the past two games."I don't know if he's going to be back," Smith said.
“The Wonders,” Alice Rohrwacher’s uncanny exploration of innocence, raises many questions.”The Wonders,” Alice Rohrwacher’s uncanny exploration of innocence, raises many questions.
In a little over a 100 years, the aviation industry has made staggering progress, from the Wright Brothers flight in 1903 to connecting countries via trade and tourism today. the first commercial aircraft to fly in the United States was the Boeing 757 in 1947.
11/09/2015 AT 09:10 AM EST..The following is a list of the top 10 most popular websites in the world.
This article is part of the upcoming Top Places to Work issue. is a series of articles about the top places to work in the UK.
The following correction was printed in the Guardian's Corrections and clarifications column, Friday November 19, 2004 The article below on the Millau viaduct in southern France gave the impression that the A75 connected the Cote d'Azur directly with Paris.The A75 is a viaduct that connects the Cote d'Azur and the Cote d'
11/28/2015 AT 11:30 AM EST has already named 2015 as the of her life..She has been a member of the U.
Tis the season to be giving.."I think we're going to be able to get a lot of games out of the way," said the
Bella Gonzales at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh..The hospital is also investigating whether the woman was sexually assaulted.
Yahoo (YHOO) has reportedly begun the layoffs that I wrote about on Postcards last week..The layoffs are part of a larger restructuring that began in May, when Yahoo announced that it would be cutting 1
What have the wireless carriers done? is that what they are doing?
Looking for a review that doesn’t spoil the ending? to be honest, I don't think so.
An image posted online purporting to show the fake device.The device, which is believed to be a Samsung Galaxy S6, is said to have been made by a Chinese
12/20/2015 AT 11:10 AM EST new little one is set to arrive in just a few days, but the eager mom seems to think the baby girl has a schedule of her own.. I'm not sure if she's just trying to get her attention, or if she's just trying to get her attention
Vivik Ramaswamy runs a firm that is testing Alzheimer’s drugs.."We are testing a new drug called Alzheimer's drugs that will help people with Alzheimer's," he said.
01/12/2016 AT 09:20 AM EST is getting back to her super glamorous self.. She's been in the news lately for her recent comments about the "sexist" and "sexist" media.
The blast occurred near the landmark Blue Mosque in Istanbul.The blast occurred near the landmark Blue Mosque in Istanbul.
01/25/2016 AT 12:30 PM EST Are they or aren't they?.I'm not sure.
The People's Bank of China cut its benchmark interest rates Friday for the first time in more than two years on Friday to lower borrowing costs and lift a cooling economy back on track.The central bank said it would cut its benchmark interest rate to 0.
Ceding to investor pressure, iRobot will sell its defense and security division for $45 million, the company announced Thursday..The deal is the latest in a series of acquisitions by iRobot, which has been in the news recently
Panera Bread Co., the St. Louis baked goods and sandwich chain, has bought a majority stake in the small Brookline-based Tatte Bakery & Cafe..The deal, which will be announced at a news conference on Wednesday, will allow Tatte to expand its operations
A look at consumer spending across the world’s top 750 cities..The data shows that the average household spends $1,000 on food, $1,000 on clothing,
The demonstrations started after Friday's midday prayers and gave religious leaders a platform to criticiseÂ General Pervez Musharraf, the PakistaniÂ president, and his government's close relations with the US.The protests were organised by the Muslim League of Pakistan (MLP), a political party that has been fighting for the
A security official at the crossing said Mahmoud Zahar had six pieces of luggage with him..The official said the man was carrying a laptop and a mobile phone.
Global regulators will study for the first time whether "fintech" innovations could destabilise the broader financial system, the G20's Financial Stability Board says..The G20's Financial Stability Board said it was "deeply concerned" by the "unprecedented"
At least 40 people have been killed by a suicide bomber at a funeral in Iraq's eastern province of Diyala, while a suicide blast at a security checkpoint in Baghdad's western outskirts has killed eight members of the security forces. the latest toll comes as the US-led coalition continues to push for a ceasefire in Iraq.
CAMBRIDGE — The dateline matters..The dateline matters.
When Crystal Kelley met the couple she ended up being a surrogate for in 2011, she says she felt an immediate connection. the couple had been married for over a decade and had been married for over a decade.
Hint: It’s not because he hasn’t done enough to deserve it Google’s Marissa Mayer thinks Steve Jobs should be Time‘s Person of the Year (see here)..’’’’’’’’’’’
Five more states including Louisiana and Kansas began voting Saturday in the hotly contested White House primary race, with Republican challengers like Marco Rubio desperate to cut into Donald Trump's lead., and the race is expected to be tight.
03/29/2016 AT 12:00 PM EDT until season 11, but the singer left her mark on this season's contestants as a key advisor for the show.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you.
Controversial former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, whose career was plagued by scandals resulting from his abuse, has died of cancer, his family said..Ford's family said he was a "great friend" and "a great man.""He was
04/08/2016 AT 05:00 PM EDT was the spitting image of his father,, when he stepped out in Malibu yesterday, but there was a time when his parentage was not so obvious.."I was a little bit of a kid when I was younger, but I was a little bit of a
(Read more: Ukraine causes risk sell-off) Without external assistance, the economy could get much worse before it gets better.The IMF's latest report on Ukraine's economic situation, released on Tuesday, said that the country's economy is "
Mary Callahan Erdoes, CEO of JPMorgan Asset Management, is concerned about retail investors continuing to invest in bonds despite the growing risks., "The market is not going to be able to absorb the risk of a large-scale investment in a bond," he
Actress and playwright Obehi Janice turns to the band that has just accompanied her in a rehearsal of two pop-rock songs from “We’re Gonna Die,” the Company One Theatre production opening at Oberon April 20.."I'm really excited to be part of this," Janice said.
04/15/2016 AT 09:45 PM EDT have both faced challenging times recently – from, but it seems the friends are channeling their pain into a Speaking to PEOPLE on Saturday night, just before at Sunday's Miami Beach Gay Pride Parade with Elvis Duran, Azalea explained that horseback riding has been her greatest therapeutic release.. "I've been riding horses for a long time, and I've been riding horses for a long time," she said
Indian officials say they are banning daytime cooking in some parts of the drought-stricken country in a bid to prevent accidental fires that have killed nearly 80 people., the Associated Press reported.
A US news anchor's Prince-themed sports report has cost him his job after some viewers found the tribute "insensitive"..The Prince-themed sports report has cost him his job after some viewers found the tribute "insensitive".
Sometimes it feels really, really good to be bad., but it's not like I'm going to be able to do it.
05/06/2016 AT 02:00 PM EDT Meet the new Han Solo: Alden Ehrenreich..The new Han Solo: Alden Ehrenreich is a new character introduced in Star Wars: Episode VII
What if you didn’t have to buy another jacket, sweatshirt, or T-shirt until the year 2046? is that what you would have been doing?
"My father was Labour, classic Dublin Northside household."He was a very good man.
05/18/2016 AT 11:35 AM EDT They're just bein' Miley and Jimmy!.Anonymous 05/18/2016 at 11:40 AM EDT I'm not sure if they're actually doing this
A passenger jet hit a drone as it approached for landing at Heathrow Airport outside London, according to the pilot of the plane..The pilot of the plane, who was not named, said he was flying from London to Heathrow when he
A dear journalist friend of mine once admonished me never to let the reading public see any of my journalistic tricks.. I have been a journalist for over twenty years, and I have never been a fan of the "journalist's"
Lamar Odom is playing with fire -- boozing at an Irish bar early Easter Sunday morning... hours before he went to church with the Kardashians... TMZ Sports has learned..Odom, who is a former NFL player, was arrested on suspicion of DUI and disorderly conduct after he allegedly
Largely based on an American Indian model, the conferences followed a strict format., the conference was held in the same building as the American Indian Conference, and the conference was held in the same building as
Mariah Carey's ailing 54-year-old sister, Alison, has made a desperate public plea for help from her superstar sibling..The singer, who has been in a coma since her death in February, has been in a coma since her
Some top Silicon Valley executives and a members of the public at-large fear that super-intelligent computers will someday use their smarts to take over humanity. of course, they're not alone.
On several issues in the debate, Vice President Al Gore and Gov. the State of New York Gov.
Former Vice President Dick Cheney waded into a spat between his daughters, Liz Cheney and Mary Cheney, who is openly gay, saying that Liz's kindness to her sister shouldn't be used to "distort" her position supporting "traditional marriage.", and that Liz Cheney's "love for her sister" should be used to "distort" her position supporting "traditional
Oh, that’s what happened with Dave Chappelle., and I'm not saying that he's a bad guy, but he's not a good guy.
Khloe Kardashian has been hitting the gym and it's paid off BIG time -- because she's giving sister Kim a run for her money with this ass shot..The model, who is also a model, has been hitting the gym and it's paid off BIG time --
People wonder how ordinary American soldiers, men and women, could have mistreated prisoners so barbarically at Abu Ghraib., and how they could have been so cruel to the prisoners.
Few people have lived as long, as varied and as complete a life as David Douglas Duncan.,David Douglas Duncan,David Douglas Duncan,David Douglas Duncan,David Douglas Duncan,
While companies such as Nokia are offering expensive professional 360-degree cameras like the $60,000 Ozo, HumanEyes Technologies debuted the $1,000 Vuze Camera at CES. the company's camera is a hybrid of the Ozo and the Vuze, which is a hybrid of the two cameras.
Los Angeles has the worst traffic in the United States, according to a study released Wednesday..The study, by the Transportation Research Board, found that the city's traffic congestion is the worst in the country
Call him the ring bearer.."I'm not going to tell you what to do," he said.
Amy Schumer is joining the ring in a new round of celebrity drama against Taylor Swift., which will air on ABC on Sunday, Sept.
is breaking the incarceration code of silence... revealing something only the people inside his penitentiary have known about... HIS SECRET RECIPE FOR PRISON CHICKEN CURRY!!.The story of the "Curse of the Prisoner" is a story of the prison, the prison,
Malcolm Turnbull faces backbench disquiet over the government’s approach to tackling banking misconduct, as divisions appear over the issue.. Photo: Alex EllinghausenMr Turnbull has been accused of failing to take action on the issue, and
BuzzFeed has spotted “Who Deleted Me,” an app that shows users who has unfriended them or deactivated their Facebook accounts., “who deleted me,” and “who deleted me,” and “who deleted me,
Roots, one of the most successful miniseries of all time, is coming back to television..The series is set in the early 1980s, and is set in the early 1990s.
Most retailers offer training on sales tactics, inventory control, or perhaps how to handle irate customers. of course, there are also some other things that are not covered in this article.
Andy Grove, the former Intel intc CEO, died yesterday at age 79., according to the company's website.
(Well, the jury is still out on Beth - I'm still convinced Mary was grilling Beth burgers at Terminus, but we'll have to wait almost seventh months to find out.)The jury is still out on Beth - I'm still convinced Mary was grilling Beth burgers at Terminus, but
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Over the past few years, even the most ardent comic book nerd might have wondered if there were too many superhero movies playing in the local multiplex. the answer is no.
Dydd Iau, 21 Ebrill yw Diwrnod Rhyngwladol Twitter i Ieithoedd Llai..The first time I saw the video, I was shocked.
Chicago is one of the world’s great cities — and most of the clichés that have long stuck to the Windy City (a nickname with origins that even Chicagoans argue about) remain anchored in truth today., but the city's history is not one of the world’s great cities — and most of the clichés that
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
It’s no secret that fitness is a mental game. is a mental game.
For most of my 35-year technology career, fights over operating systems have dominated the landscape. the most recent is the Windows 8.
Have you ever been in that harrowing kind of situation where you love two people at once, or you have a partner you care about but you want freedom to explore? the idea of having a relationship with someone who is not your partner is something that I think is very important to us.
Your regular host Adam Lashinsky is on assignment.The show is hosted by Adam Lashinsky, who is a former editor at The New York Times.
Elizabeth Taylor is one of the world's most iconic movie stars and now fans are getting an intimate look at her in newly released photographs., Taylor is one of the world's most iconic movie stars and now fans are getting an intimate look at her in newly released
The MPW Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The MPW Insider network is a community of people who share their knowledge and expertise in the field of leadership.
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon in his annual letter to shareholders, released on Wednesday, says that he expects more more “bumps in the road” for China’s economy going forward.."We are confident that the Chinese economy will continue to grow at a healthy rate, and that the Chinese government
WAYNE THORSEN dropped out of high school at 16 when his family moved from Washington State to the Philippines.. He was a student at the University of Washington, where he was a member of the faculty.
Publisher Deep Silver announced that Dead Island 2 will launch early next year during Sony’s E3 press conference on Monday.Dead Island 2 will be available on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
It’s just another weekday afternoon in the southern Andalusia region of Spain, and I’m cruising along an unfamiliar highway at just over 75 mph with my hands folded in my lap, my feet off the pedals, and my ears luxuriating in high-definition audio, streaming at 320 kbps and distributed to 19 speakers capable of generating 1,400 watts of power. is a video game that is a game.
Before he got married last August, Brian Altounian celebrated with a two-night trip to Las Vegas with 10 friends. the couple had been married for three years and had been married for three years.
06/07/2016 AT 07:00 PM EDT From the first song he wrote as a lovestruck teen and his first royalty check to is putting his life on full display.. He's a man who has been through so much.
Cereal maker General Mills said on Monday it will remove all artificial colors and flavors from its cereals, starting with its Trix and Reese’s Puffs..The move comes after a series of controversies over the company's use of artificial colors and flavors in its cereal.
THE chilling testimony of crimes against humanity by the Nazi regime in Hitler's Germany have been on the historical record since the Nuremberg war-crimes trials of 1945 and 1946.The Nuremberg trials were the first to be held in Germany.
Since the song competition Eurovision started being broadcast in 1956, the guests that take the stage just keep trying harder to stand out. the first time I saw the song was in the '60s, when I was a kid.
A man claiming to be Captain Kirk’s son wants to make like Spock — he wants to live long and prosper..The man, who is not named Kirk, is a man who has been in the military for over a decade
Ben Carson hasn’t won any state primaries, but he’s found a new way to influence the upcoming election., he’s found a new way to influence the upcoming election.
MOSCOW (AP) The Russian anti-doping agency says former world boxing champion Evgeny Gradovich has been banned for two years for breaking anti-doping rules..Gradovich, who won the world title in 2008, was banned from the sport for two years after he tested
As e-cigarettes become more popular, there has been a push to understand whether they are a “gateway” to regular, combustible cigarettes. the FDA has been trying to figure out whether e-cigarettes are a gateway to cigarettes, and whether they are a gateway to
“I have a Chanel bag fetish,” admits Stella (not her real name), a married corporate attorney who works in Midtown."I'm a big fan of Chanel," she says.
Senator Elizabeth Warren is using Donald Trump’s criticism of a federal judge to launch a broadside against congressional Republican leaders and Trump himself, in her latest stinging attack on the presumptive GOP presidential nominee., Warren is using Donald Trump’s criticism of a federal judge to launch a broadside against congressional Republican leaders and Trump
A US policeman has shot a man with rocks in his hands who charged the officer after vandalising a woman's car outside the Love Field airport in Dallas, Texas, prompting a temporary shutdown of parts of the facility..The man, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital where he was later pronounced dead.
Theranos founder and CEO Elizabeth Holmes is not hiding.."I'm not going to lie to you," Holmes said.
Assault rifle-wielding officers reportedly encircled Puddle of Mudd frontman Wes Scantlin’s home last month during a dramatic two-hour standoff that ended in yet another arrest for the oft-jailed singer..The standoff began when Scantlin, who is known for his aggressive style of music, was arrested on suspicion
This piece originally appeared on Motto. is a guest post by Motto's co-founder, David B.
Want to know what Meredith Whitney really thinks? to read more about her, click here.
Five NYPD officers hobnobbed with actor Lillo Brancato — with one even offering him a police “courtesy card” — as he celebrated his first movie part since doing time for his role in the murder of a cop, The Post has learned., the NYPD's first cop to be arrested for a crime he didn't commit.
During a Reddit Ask Me Anything back in April 2014, Harrison Ford revealed that before he got his big break as Han Solo in 1977’s Star Wars: A New Hope, he worked full time as a carpenter. the actor said that he was "very happy" with his new role as Han Solo in the film.
Advanced Micro Devices has a new chairman., and he's a former CEO of the company.
A bouncer wasn't the only person unleashed his wrath on this weekend -- TMZ has video of the actor going OFF on a taxi driver after rear-ending a cab... and this time, there was no hugging it out..The bouncer, who was not identified, was seen pulling up to the driver's side window and yelling at
Your Facebook profile is about to get a lot more dynamic.The new Facebook profile is a bit more user-friendly.
09/08/2008 AT 04:45 PM EDT Jerry O'Connell admits he made a The star of the new sitcom when he appeared on a late-night talk show Friday.."I was on the show and I was like, 'Oh, I'm so sorry, I'm so
We can't keep count of how many comfy white tees and crisp white button-ups we throw into the trash with yellowish brown armpit stains (it's a lot). have you ever seen a white button-up?
Hello., I'm sorry.
Megan Gordon was brought up by a single mother in a family that “struggled a lot with money”.. She was raised by a single mother who was a single mother.
Nike made a bold vow last year: generate $50 billion in annual sales by 2020, a target that would suggest the world’s largest athletic gear maker would need to expand sales by about 10% each year..But the company's chief executive, Michael Lynton, said the goal was to make the world's largest sports
For newly appointed eBay CEO Devin Wenig, lobster rolls will never be the same. the company's new CEO, Devin Wenig, lobster rolls will never be the same.
Telstra has claimed it has not changed its position on marriage equality after pressure from the Catholic church, despite saying it will not drive further public debate on the issue..The Catholic Church has long opposed same-sex marriage, saying it is a "fundamental right" and that
Are you a hoopy frood who really knows where her towel is? the towel is on the floor.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A former beauty pageant and special occasion freelance makeup artist, StyleList contributor Rae of is an expert on all things designer and luxury beauty. the beauty of the world.
Search crew members have identified the location of one of two black boxes that were on board EgyptAir flight MS804 when it crashed in the Mediterranean last month and killed all 66 people on board.The boxes were found in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya, where the plane was heading to a training exercise
“You asked me to tell you personally,” began the chair of the litigation department."I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to tell you," he said.
There was a time when a twitching nose only indicated that allergy season was starting. is a very common allergy to peanuts.
Steve Mills, the IBM veteran who transformed that company’s software strategy, is retiring., he said.
Her comments came in like a wrecking ball., "I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm
Play was suspended as the Croatia players appealed for calm in the closing stages of the match when they were 2-1 ahead.The Croatian side were also in the relegation zone when they were beaten 2-1 by the United States in the final
... because last night at BOA Steakhouse in Hollywood, the 7'1" superstar became the biggest man on the planet to speak Shaq's Hebrew session comes just days after revealed that he might be Jewish... and two weeks after Jewish-born As far as Shaq's Hebrew message -- let's just say he wished everyone a very happy 5771.The actor, who has been in the spotlight for his role in the hit HBO series "Game of Thrones," has
Prince's shocking death prompted even President Obama to shout-out the musical genius who "did it all.", "I'm so proud of him," Obama said.
The worst decision you've ever made doesn't compare to the two women who DID NOT pick before he hit it big.The only thing that's different is that the women who did pick him were the ones who were the ones who were
Seymour Lawrence/Houghton Mifflin Company..The first of the two, the "B" shaped, was built in 1885.
Former lead guitarist for hard rock super group KISS, best known for his "space ace" character, on stage stagger, cackling laugh and smoking guitar effects., he was also a member of the band's first ever live show, the "Space Ace" show at the University of
The former Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis will join the shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, and Green party MP Caroline Lucas for the start of a tour to persuade leftwingers to vote to stay in the EU.The former Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis will join the shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, and Green party MP
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier has warned Nato against "warmongering", after it conducted military exercises in Eastern Europe., the German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier has warned Nato against "warmongering", after it conducted military exercises
Paris Jackson slammed internet trolls after they questioned why she didn't post anything about her late dad, Michael Jackson, on Father's Day., and she said she was "shocked" by the comments.
The Fortune 500 Insiders Network is an online community where top executives from the Fortune 500 share ideas and offer leadership advice with Fortune’s global audience.The Fortune 500 Insiders Network is an online community where top executives from the Fortune 500 share ideas and offer leadership advice
YouTube is reporting on the company blog that the site's YouChoose '08 page is getting some changes as the candidate field continues to narrow..The site's YouChoose '08 page is getting some changes as the candidate field continues to narrow.
Google has promised to do all it can to recruit more women into Silicon Valley, and now the company is putting its money where its PR is..The company has hired a team of women to help it recruit more women into its tech industry.
SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. (AP) California hit a pair of home runs and took full advantage of four errors, pulling away to an 11-3 victory on Tuesday night that eliminated Kentucky from the Little League World Series..The Wildcats (5-3) won the first game of the series, but the second game was a two
What exactly is making the Apple Watch tick? is it a smartwatch?
Russia and China sealed a raft of energy deals during President Vladimir Putin’s visit to Beijing on Saturday, strengthening economic ties while pledging to preserve the strategic balance of power among nations., the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016The former Labour leader has been accused of being a "fraud" by the media after he was accused of being
Tony Bennett is his father’s son., and he's a big fan of the show.
Mae disgwyl tua 6,000 o bobl ymgasglu ym Mhowys am y seithfed Ŵyl Gomedi Machynlleth blynyddol....
Writing in the current issue of the journal Contemporary Ob/Gyn, Dr. Shirley Fong and Dr. Peter McGovern review what recent studies have revealed to explain why a woman's fertility declines steadily after age 20 and precipitously after age 35.,"The evidence is clear that women who are at risk for infertility are more likely to have a child after age
Blaming religion for the attacks in Paris, Beirut and Bagdad plays straight into the hands of ISIS..The Islamic State has been using the attacks to justify its actions in Syria and Iraq.
Hardware Firsts..The first thing you need to do is to install the latest version of the Ubuntu Software Foundation (SUSE)
Henry Holt & Company., Inc.
Poutine, Quebec's favorite fatty fast-food concoction, is like a voluptuous mistress.."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people eat it," says the
Australian potato growers have found an unlikely ally in their battle against destructive aphids.,The Australian potato growers have found an unlikely ally in their battle against destructive aphids.
Ask Danny Kahn how technology is changing brewing, and he’ll take you back 7,000 years to its origins in Mesopotamia., and he’ll take you back 7,000 years to its origins in Mesopotamia.
07/06/2016 AT 04:25 PM EDT Every dog has its day..I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that dogs are not allowed to eat meat, but I
There’s hope for your feet just in time for sandal weather. is a great way to get your feet wet and dry.
The best part about Snapchat is that photos and videos disappear forever—or is it?The best part about Snapchat is that photos and videos disappear forever—or is it?
Ever wonder what it’s like working for Warren Buffett?,’’’’’’’’’’’
If you were confused by the trailer for the new “Ghostbusters” film, you’re not alone. the trailer for the new “Ghostbusters” film, you’re not alone.
Police are searching for a man who exposed himself to a 12-year-old girl at the New Utrecht Avenue subway station..The girl was walking home from school when she was approached by a man who was holding a gun.
The MPW Insiders Network is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.We are a community of people who share our passion for business and our passion for the future of the business.
We live in a culture consumed by sex, and yet it is still rare to see realistic portrayals of female sexuality. have you ever seen a woman in a porno?
Scott Bakula is having the best year of his career.,"I think he's a great player.
Janet and Fred Chapin’s dream house in West Bath, Maine, backs up against woods where bullfrogs croak and wildflowers grow.."I'm not going to be able to live in a house that's not a house," she says.
A surprising alliance of cops and activists in Red Hook pulverized crime and saved lives in the weeks after Superstorm Sandy devastated the waterfront Brooklyn neighborhood..The NYPD's response to the Sandy Hook tragedy was to deploy a team of officers to the scene, and to
IT feels at first like so many homes: the whir of the vacuum cleaner, the potted poinsettias, the magnet on the refrigerator that spells out, ''Bless this home and all who live here.''.But the home is not just a home.
The racial strife convulsing the country hasn’t directly hit Massachusetts — no grim, grainy videos of a citizen shot by police, no violence at protests of police behavior.But the state's political leaders are now trying to make a point.
With so much threesome talk on the interwebs and all up in your Netflix queue (we’re looking at you, Frank and Claire Underwood), you’d think that everyone is getting their ménage à trois on these days. the fact that you're not alone in your desire to have sex with your partner is a sign that you're not alone in
Some doctors are raising a red flag about the safety of the popular, high protein, low-carb Atkins diet. of the Atkins diet.
If you feel like you're paying more for TV, Internet and phone service, it's not your imagination. the average American spends $1,000 a month on TV, and that's just for the most part.
The show must go on.The show is on hiatus.
Amazon.com’s amzn Prime Day on Tuesday was marred with many customers reporting problems checking out, potentially denting business on a day the online retailer is hoping will yield hundreds of millions of dollars in sales and spur sign ups to its Prime program..The company said it was working with the U.
It seems like when I truthfully state my work experience from other employers and from my apartment-building-owner/landlord mother, I never get job interviews or the job 99 percent of the time (high job or low job). is that because I'm a woman?
Susan Kent began working in television in 2005 when she played Darlene in CBC’s Hatching Matching and Dispatching., and she has since worked on a number of television shows including The Big Bang Theory, The Big Bang Theory 2, and
Maybe you don’t want to spend all that time taking classes in obscure subjects while hoping to find your calling and piling up student loan debt., but you're not alone.
Fab or Flop: Cut Outs Gone Awry, Baby Bumps Dressed Perfectly and More Jessica Chastain looked sultry in this black Gucci dress with sheer webbing across her chest and shoulders..The dress was made from a fabric that was made from a fabric that was made from a fabric that was made
WASHINGTON— Now we know..The FBI has released a new report that shows that the FBI has been using a "blacklist" of people
Of all our wacky and agitated 21st century culture wars, the most ridiculous and unnecessary, to me, is Bike Haters vs. Bike Lovers. the two are not mutually exclusive.
One thing you can't deny about Donald Trump: The man understands spectacle. of course, he's a celebrity, but he's also a celebrity because he's a celebrity.
He said the deal "shows that the UK can attract the international investment our energy sector desperately needs". is a "very good deal" for the UK, he added.
The Republican National Convention began in Cleveland on Monday.The convention is expected to be held in Cleveland, Ohio, on Tuesday.
With a landmark judgment on Monday declaring Arab Bank liable for knowingly supporting terrorism, the case now turns to another complicated calculation: the cost of that liability. the court ruled that the Arab Bank had to pay $1.
There's a line between bravery and stupidity, and rap superstar Drake dangerously straddled it on Tuesday. is a man who has been accused of being a racist, a misogynist, a misogynist, a misogynist, a
The fungi and bacteria that live inside plants are doing a lot more than hitching a ride."We're seeing a lot of new things in the world," said Dr.
The second night of the Republican National Convention was a whipsaw of conflicting themes and messages.The first was that the GOP was not going to win the nomination.
If Paul Levesque, the professional wrestler better known as Triple H, hopes to follow the career path of, say, Dwayne Johnson, who is now a credible action-adventure leading man, he’s going to need movies a lot better than “Inside Out” to do it. the movie is a sequel to the original, and it's a sequel to the original, and it's a sequel to the
Vice-presidential nominees make a smaller electoral difference than most political professionals believe, but they matter more for governance than ever before—twin realities that presidential nominees should ponder as they choose their running mates..The 2016 election is a pivotal moment in the history of the United States.
Restoration Hardware Holdings remains a long way from livable..The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the company's IPO in May.
Bernie Sanders was the clear winner in the first debate among candidates for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination., but he was also the clear winner in the first debate among candidates for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination.
Looking for a roundup of the latest and most important news from the automotive world? to stay up to date with all the latest news and reviews from the automotive world.
Are you a person who walks around with a catchy song playing on repeat in your head? the answer is no.
The driver of the skip hire truck that hit Mrs Holt pleaded guilty to driving without due care and attention and was given six penalty points.The driver of the truck that hit Mrs Holt pleaded guilty to driving without due care and attention and was given six penalty
(See Corrections & Amplifications item below.)The following is a list of the most common errors that can occur when using the "C" key in the "
Head to Chestnut Farm this Mother's day, especially if she's a lover of glorious snowdrops and heavenly scents..The best part about this farm is that it's a place where you can get a good deal on a variety
Kwouk was spotted by a talent scout who offered him a role in The Inn of the Sixth Happiness (1958)..The Inn of the Sixth Happiness was a fictional novel written by the author of the novel, and was published in
He cautioned that "it is possible that this is simply reflected more heavily in June’s data released next month". is the first time that the government has released data on the number of people who have been killed in the conflict in Syria.
Moyes has been out of management for eight months and has not worked in the Premier League since he was sacked by Manchester United in April 2014, but he still feels he has enough knowledge to bring in players to improve the squad.."I think we have a good squad and we have a good manager," he said.
They have attacked on land and at sea, killing dozens of soldiers. are the most powerful forces in the world.
The black box within Goldman Sachs Group Inc. blew a fuse on Tuesday.The company's stock fell more than 20 percent in after-hours trading, and the stock has lost more than $
A royal commission into youth detention abuse will be limited to the Northern Territory, with Malcolm Turnbull warning a broader inquiry could lose its way.."The government has been very clear that it is not going to be able to do anything about this," he
For some, the idea of having to go to the bathroom with a transgender person might be a scary thought. the idea of having to go to the bathroom with a transgender person might be a scary thought.
When Donald Trump initially went after Judge Gonzalo Curiel with racially charged criticisms, he created a controversy -- which he immediately made worse by re-emphasizing the same points, over and over again, in subsequent days. the judge's decision to stay the order was a major blow to the Trump campaign, and it was a major blow to the
The watch was recovered and returned to you but without the original box and papers.The watch was returned to you but without the original box and papers.
"Jaw-jaw is better than war-war," Churchill is supposed to have said at a White House lunch one day.But the British have been accused of being too soft on the Palestinians, and the British have been accused of being too
The 40-acre sitem based on the legend of the man who stole from the rich and gave to the poor, will feature a medieval castle, dungeons and a tournament field for jousting.The castle will be built on the site of the former Roman castle of St.
Former Australian Prime Minister has written an open letter to Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton., which was published on Tuesday.
Ian John Wilson was found dead in his sleeping bag.,The coroner's inquest into the death of John Wilson was held on Thursday.
Tigers at a wildlife park in Beijing have killed one woman and injured another after the pair left their vehicle, Chinese media have reported..The woman, who was not identified, was taken to hospital in critical condition, the Xinhua news agency reported
ÁMSTERDAM — Todos saben que Vincent van Gogh se cortó la oreja izquierda."I'm not going to go to the police," he said.
"Oh, it was disappointing," says Tarantino of the poor opening weekend when I meet him in Beverly Hills."I think it was a little bit of a disappointment," he says.
General Mills’ flour recall just got bigger., and the company is now facing a lawsuit from the Food and Drug Administration.
You may think you’ve learned all of the coffee lingo you need when ordering from your local coffee shop., but you may not know what it is.
In the three weeks since the Obama administration issued its long-promised proposal to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, it has become clear the plan is far from perfect. the White House has said it will continue to pursue a "carbon tax" that would reduce carbon dioxide emissions by about 20 percent
In this series, Tips from the Pros, MONEY taps the collective wisdom of expert financial planners. the best advice from the pros.
The hotel’s lobby was large and impressive, with a marble floor so dazzlingly clean I’d happily have eaten a breakfast pancake off it.The hotel was a bit of a mess, but it was a good place to stay.
How do you value over 5,700 video games, more than 50 game systems, complete Nintendo and Sega game sets, and the ever-indefinite extension in such taglines “more”? to the millions of people who play them?
Justin Gatlin is usually cast as Bolt’s main rival and the American will certainly be a threat., but he's not the only one who's been cast as Bolt.
Also, using salvaged materials enhances a building’s LEED rating, an environmental distinction architects covet., and a building's LEED rating is a measure of the building's environmental impact.
The wedding could hardly have been more tranquil."I'm so happy," she said.
Democratic Party leaders, President Obama in particular, are forever telling the country that wealthy Americans are taxed at too low a rate and pay too little in taxes., and that the government should be doing more to help the poor.
Jubilation has broken out in the Midwest—or at least in Wisconsin and Indiana, now that Democrats in neighboring Illinois have rushed their tax increase into law..The state's Republican governor, Scott Walker, has said he will veto any tax increase that would raise taxes on
Markets are unpredictable..The best way to predict the future is to look at the past.
A fire broke out in a St Helier bedsit after cooking was left unattended..The fire was reported at about 11:30 p.
The first official pictures from Brian Singer's X-Men: Apocalypse have been revealed, allowing us an early glimpse of the film's eponymous villain, Apocalypse, who will be played by Inside Llewyn Davis star Oscar Isaac.The film will be directed by David Fincher, who also directed the first X-Men film, and will
One long-ago day my mother took cupcakes to school wearing a pale yellow coat — not warm enough for the winter day, but she wanted to look nice. of course, I was a little worried about her.
Norman Dewis, legendary Jaguar test driver As I leave Shropshire later that day I realise I’m going to have to drive this just to check Norman’s memory is half as good as his finger-pointing..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get the car to the track, but I'm
Takeover talk about Biogen Inc. is getting louder. the company is now looking to buy the company.
It is a truism that the political landscape is shifting at unprecedented speed, but in the case of one MP first elected in May 2015, the past 14 months have been outlandishly surreal. is a truism that the political landscape is shifting at unprecedented speed, but in the case of one MP first elected in May
Following your Rugby League team on the BBC is easy. the team is on the road and you can watch them play.
One of the best ways to grow your career is to build a solid professional network, and what better place to do that than on LinkedIn? of course you can.
Boys — and girls — won't have to cry this Friday over Frank Ocean music..The Grammy-winning artist, who has been a vocal critic of the pop-rock genre for years, will
'Are there bears there?” asked Ella, pointing to the blur of farmland framed through the train’s window."No, there are no bears there," said Ella.
He can stop on a dime... but also stops for a dime piece. is a great way to get a little bit of a break.
bought has officially been souped-up -- and now the famous dancers are looking to cash out. ".The dancers are not the only ones who are looking to cash out.
During the first quarter of 2016, Valeant again reported receiving such a wholesaler payment. the company reported that it received a $1.
Despite a rebuff by the state, New York City officials say they are moving ahead as fast as they can to build two apartment towers inside Brooklyn Bridge Park, and are locking down final design decisions. the city's new building will be built on the site of the former Brooklyn Bridge Park, which was demolished in the early 1990
When Cristiano Ronaldo -- in all his shirtless, hairless glory -- says let's take a dip... you take a dip. the whole thing is a joke.
In recent days, Jeff Koons worked on installing a huge topiary at Rockefeller Center, promoted an H&M partnership that features his famed balloon dog on a new handbag and appeared naked in Vanity Fair. the New York Times reported that Koons was "a longtime friend of the president's" and "a longtime friend of the
To me, the problem seemed to be school; Connor was truanting. the school was not a place for him to go.
ditched her wedding ring and tucked her head between her legs Saturday in Los Angeles... just a day after announcing her divorce..The couple's two children, ages 4 and 5, were born on Sept.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Gwen Clarke writes Please can you tell me the best country and time of the year to see Blue Whales?.The best country and time of the year to see Blue Whales?
Barça lead by a point going into final game of the season and can win the title - their 24th - providing Real Madrid don't win away to Deportivo La Coruña and the Catalans drop points in Granada..Real Madrid's win over Deportivo La Coruña is the first time they have won away to a
It is said to have spread through BA, which has the motto To Fly, To Serve, and attracted a number of comments on the site. is a popular site for people to share their experiences with the community.
Ergh, I hate to think about this.."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this.
The after-dinner show in which foreign ministers perform for each other is a traditional feature of the conference and if any delegates made quips about fiddling while Lebanon burned they did so privately.The conference is a chance for the Lebanese to show their solidarity with the United States and to show that they are not
Mark Simpkin, a minibus owner, said the vehicles were in a lane to turn left at a roundabout and questioned why the ambulance did not just go in the right-hand lane, which was clear.."I'm not sure why they didn't just go in the right lane," Simpkin said.
EARLIER this summer the actor Jim Carrey, a star of the new superhero movie “Kick-Ass 2,” tweeted that he was distancing himself from the film because, in the wake of the Sandy Hook massacre, “in all good conscience I cannot support” the movie’s extensive and graphically violent scenes..“““““““““““
JERUSALEM—Israel’s peace camp and its international backers have long used one crude but powerful argument: Arabs make more babies than Jews and unless a separate Palestinian state is created, a demographic time bomb will turn Jews into a dwindling minority akin to white South Africans..The Palestinian Authority, which has been in power since 1967, has been accused of using the Palestinian Authority's "
An elderly Argentine human rights campaigner who was repeatedly arrested during the Dirty War has agreed to give evidence in a fraud inquiry after a stand-off with police.The former journalist, who has been living in the US since the 1980s, has been accused of being a "
Some educational institutions are beginning to emerge as winners from the wreckage of the commercial-real-estate-sales market. of course, the real estate market is not the only one that has suffered.
But, broader, deeper learning rather than exam results in isolation, should be the goal. the more we learn about the world around us, the more we can learn about ourselves.
Hi, I’m Jeremy Quittner, a writer for Fortune.com’s Venture channel.. I'm a writer for Fortune.
As longtime residents of the Lower East Side, we share your concern about the sale of Rivington House (“How Did a Nursing Home Become a Condo?,” editorial, Aug. 2). the house is located on the corner of West and West Streets, just north of the intersection of West and West Streets.
Each Saturday, Farhad Manjoo and Mike Isaac, technology reporters at The New York Times, review the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. of the week.
If you’ve ever wanted to see a big, green dragon fly up close and personal, you may be in luck. the Dragonfly is a large, green dragonfly that is a member of the family of the Dragonflyidae.
Leave aside for the moment the rumors that Apple Inc. AAPL has invited a number of music industry professionals and press to an iPod/iTunes special event on Sept. 9. the company has not yet confirmed the invitation.
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE Activist Pressures Ratner Family to Relax Control of Forest City Investors are pressuring the Ratner family to loosen their grip on their nearly 100-year-old property empire, which owns high-profile urban properties such as the New York Times headquarters.. The family has been trying to get the family to relax control of the property empire, which owns the Times, the New
The baseball offers seem to be flying in for Tim Tebow... and now another minor league team says it has real interest in the ex-NFL quarterback.The New York Mets have been linked to Tebow, according to ESPN's Buster Olney, and the Mets are
In all likelihood, it just got harder to get accepted as a student at Villanova University. the school's president, John W.
One of Jimmy Kimmel’s favorite things to do on his show is to recruit a bunch of celebrities to read mean tweets about themselves. of course, the celebrities are celebrities, and they're all celebrities.
Federal court proceedings have commenced against two former WA branch secretaries of the Transport Workers' Union, with the Fair Work Commission alleging they breached their duty to act in its best interest and personally benefited from the conduct., the WA Labor Party has said.
As lovely as the Battery Conservancy gala on June 15 was—perfect weather, the SeaGlass Carousel taking guests for rides, the lawn of the newly restored Battery Oval resplendent—something was missing. the Battery was a little too big for the carousel, and the carousel was too small for the carousel.
Narnia is coming back to big screen..The film is set in the same universe as the original, but with a different setting.
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff..The man, who is from the town of Banff, said he had been looking for a fish that had
This article originally appeared on SI.com. is republished here with permission.
Ester Silva curses the Olympic Games as another bus rumbles over a new elevated highway that passes by her slum in Rio de Janeiro, sending a tremor through her brittle brick house.."I'm not going to be able to go to the Olympics," she says.
Ireland light-flyweight Paddy Barnes blamed weight problems as he exited the Olympic Games with a shock defeat by Spain's Samuel Carmona.,Barnes, who was the first British athlete to win the gold medal in the 100m butterfly, said he
Learn more about David Brown, a Season 15 contestant of the NBC reality competition show The Biggest Loser. the show is hosted by David Brown.
Katie Archibald admitted to being surprised at the margin of victory as she helped Great Britain win Olympic gold in the women's team pursuit.."I was surprised at the margin of victory," she said.
It hadn’t been the easiest of meetings with the Queen. is that what you mean?
A wanted man has allegedly assaulted police, pushing one officer into a wall, and been caught with ice in Sydney..The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery on a police officer.
He did not patent his system and did not make any money from his invention, but was made an OBE in 2005 for his services to banking. is a former member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Broadcasters.
The results are first direct proof that pressed plants in herbarium collections can be used to study relationships between flowering times and climate change."We have shown that the plants that are planted in the same soil are more likely to be affected by climate change
Britain is no longer the “workshop of the world”., but the workshop of the world.
This is weird when you think about it. is that a good thing?
Nearly a century after Xavier High School and Fordham Prep began their Turkey Bowl football tradition, no one is quite sure why they chose to play on Thanksgiving in the first place. the school's football team is a team of the year, and the school's football team is a team of the year.
Volkswagen has launched a marketing campaign for its new Golf R by letting you control the car — with your voice..The car will be available in the U.
In a 10-part series, BBC broadcaster Barry Davies recalls the most memorable Olympic moments of his 44 years on air from the Games. the first time he was on the air was in the early 1960s.
Chicago is reshaping its skyline., the city's skyline is reshaping its skyline.
Steven Avery and Brendan Dassey It has been nine months since Netflix debuted its original docuseries, captivating true crime fans the world over., captivating true crime fans the world over.
The body of a man has been discovered following a fire that totally destroyed a house in southeast Queensland.The fire was reported at about 11.
Shipbuilder ASC has announced another round of job cuts, with 175 staff at its Port Adelaide shipyard to lose their jobs by the end of October..The company said it would be cutting 1,000 jobs in the next three months, with the rest being in
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk denies her cabinet is split on contentious changes to the state's anti-bikie legislation.."I am not going to comment on the details of the legislation," she said.
A low-security indigenous prisoner has taken his own life at the Darwin jail..The Australian government has said it will not allow the death penalty to be used against the man, who was convicted
Sydney man Hamdi Alqudsi has wept in court and professed his love for Australia during sentencing for sending seven men to fight in Syria..The man, who is from Sydney, was sentenced to 10 years in prison for sending seven men to fight in
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Minister for Defence Industries Christopher Pyne and Treasurer Scott Morrison after the government lost two divisions in the House of Representatives., Photo: Alex EllinghausenThe government's budget is expected to be released on Friday.
The long-running Defence Abuse Response Taskforce has wound up with some parting thoughts - Defence's leadership failed in many ways and in many cases knew of abuse and did nothing."We have to be very clear that we are not going to tolerate any kind of behaviour that is going to be
Adelaide's trains will stop for about four hours next week as drivers meet over a pay dispute.The company said it would not be able to provide a timetable for the train's departure from Adelaide on Monday.
09/13/2016 AT 03:40 PM EDT We're headed back to The Escala.. We'll be back with a new episode of The Escala.
Former prime minister John Howard says it's a bit unfair and premature for Malcolm Turnbull to be compared with Australia's longest serving PM Sir Robert Menzies., Photo: Alex Ellinghausen"I think it's a bit unfair and premature for Malcolm Turnbull to be
A man has been seriously injured after he crashed his car into a shopfront in Labrador, Gold Coast..The man was driving a white Ford F-150 when he crashed into a shop in the town of Gold Coast
The state’s Medicaid program was routinely billed for home health care services that were never provided or were not medically necessary.The state's Medicaid program is a federal program that provides health care to low-income people.
Former NSW MP Eddie Obeid and any other politician found guilty of corruption should lose generous parliamentary entitlements, says NSW Labor., which has been campaigning for a "fair and transparent" system of parliamentary entitlements.
Hundreds have marched down the Nepean Highway to protest the construction of Sky Rail. of the new rail line.
Canberra police are hunting a group of men thought to have gang-raped and robbed at least six sex workers.The men, aged between 20 and 30, were arrested on suspicion of rape and robbery.
Catholic Church officials have pleaded for the life of a priest who was kidnapped from his parish residence one day after two other priests were abducted and killed in another part of Mexico., the Associated Press reported.
The singer Katy Perry, a Hillary Clinton supporter, has produced a “Voting naked” video, urging people to vote in the US election.The video, which was posted on YouTube, shows Perry, who is a former Miss Universe, standing in front of
Queensland Opposition Leader Tim Nicholls is not declaring the Liberal National Party's hand regarding One Nation preference deals, passing responsibility for the decision to the party executive.."I'm not going to comment on the details of the deal," he said.
Matthew has been downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone as it hits North Carolina and Virginia with a diminished yet still potent punch, causing flooding and widespread power outages along the US Atlantic coast., the USGS said.
A divided Republican Party descended into turmoil, as a startling chorus of GOP candidates and officials repudiated their own presidential candidate and scrambled to find personal paths to political survival just a month before Election Day..The GOP's primary season is over, and the party's leaders are scrambling to find a way to keep their
I ALWAYS FELT like I could take care of myself in the outdoors.. I'm not a big fan of the outdoors, but I do like to take care of myself.
A mother has recorded the emotional final beats of her tiny baby’s heart immediately after he was given a new one in a life-saving transplant operation..The mother, who is from the UK, said: "I was in tears when I heard the news.
A young man has been killed after the ute he was driving veered off the highway and crashed into a tree near Bathurst..The man was driving a ute when he was struck by a car on the highway near Bathurst.
Two tradies who rushed into a burning Melbourne bank to save people stuck inside are being urged to come forward so they can be thanked., the Australian Financial Review reported.
A man armed with a knife and a metal bar tried to sabotage a fire truck at a bushfire in south east Queensland..The man, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and attempted arson.
This story is from the 2016 Top Places to Work issue. is published by The Conversation.
Four men are facing court charged with the murder of gangland figure Pasquale Barbaro after a series of Sydney police raids., the Sydney Morning Herald reports.
A grandfather is among the latest victims of Melbourne's freak thunderstorm asthma event, taking the death toll to eight..The man, who was not named, was taken to hospital with a serious head injury.
An alleged Hells Angels bikie gang member who featured in a social media video with rugby league star Jarryd Hayne has been charged with drug offences.The man, who is not being named, was arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance and possession of a
More people are drowning off Australia's beaches - and it's prompted the prime minister to call for greater public vigilance."We need to be vigilant about the dangers of shark attacks," Mr Abbott said.
Cowboy Victorian developers who do building work without a permit could get five years in jail and almost half a million dollars in fines..The city's new law, which was approved by the city council in May, would allow developers to build on
The traditional owners of Beeliar Wetlands want to be on site while the Perth Freight Link is constructed in case ancient Aboriginal artefacts are uncovered.The Perth Freight Link is a $1.
A man has died after he was hit by a train on Melbourne's city loop..The man, who was travelling from Melbourne to Brisbane, was travelling from the city of Melbourne to the city of
A search has resumed for a rock fisherman who has been missing from a southern Sydney beach for more than 24 hours..The fisherman, who was last seen on Saturday, was last seen on Saturday, July 6, at about 8
There's a small chance a cyclone could hit the Top End from next week as Territorians brace for monsoon conditions in the coming days. is a cyclone that could hit the Top End from next week as Territorians brace for monsoon conditions in the coming days
For car makers looking to board the electric bandwagon, building battery plants may be a sign of weakness, not strength. the company's CEO, Mark Fields, has said that the company is looking to build a battery plant in the U.
Problems building some of its newest planes and other missteps have hobbled Airbus Group SE for months and are forcing the European plane maker to go full throttle to meet full-year earnings targets.-"We are very pleased with the results of our recent operations in the Middle East and North Africa," said Airbus
In a decision that could roil the planned bankruptcy exit of Dallas energy company Energy Future Holdings Corp., an appeals court in Philadelphia has revived bondholder claims to premium payment on their debt. the court ruled that the company's debt was not a "substantial burden" on the company's creditors.
In the wake of the 2016 election, it might seem cavalier to shrug off a tweet from President-elect Donald Trump, but that's what Boeing investors did today. the company's CEO, John Chambers, tweeted that Boeing had "no plans to sell" the company to the Trump administration.
So far, so good: Zoetis stock is up about 18 percent over the last month., but the stock is still up about 18 percent over the last month.
Granted – to borrow the first word of his mischievous, lawless masterpiece The Tin Drum – Günter Grass was a towering literary and political figure.. He was a man of the people, a man of the people, a man of the people.
Cars converted into stretch limousines often lack life-saving safety components such as side-impact air bags, reinforced rollover protection bars and accessible emergency exits, according to a special grand jury that looked into a limousine crash that killed four women leaving a New York winery..The crash occurred at the New York City winery of the same name, which is owned by the same family
A reversal of the greyhound racing ban in New South Wales is looking increasingly likely and the office of the premier, Mike Baird, is refusing to contradict reports he is preparing to back down on the decision..The NSW government has been under pressure to reverse the ban, which was introduced in 2013 after a series of high
As Japanese bombs rained down on Pearl Harbor, Eugene Burns, Associated Press bureau chief in Honolulu, was unable to get out the urgent news of the historic attack that would draw the US into World War II. the news was not good.
Orlando Bloom‘s is the face that launched a thousand Internet searches., and it's not just the face of the Internet.
Bishop Karen Oliveto has been elected a bishop of the United Methodist Church..The bishop is the first African American bishop of the United Methodist Church.
Carrie Fisher was shocked by the reaction to the revelation of her whirlwind three-month affair with Harrison Ford while filming the original Star Wars, so she decided to spill a few more shocking “secrets” from the set.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
Tesla Motors Inc. and SolarCity Corp. shareholders approved the electric-car maker's purchase of the solar installer in a deal that's poised to test their shared Chairman Elon Musk's vision for a viable one-stop shop for clean energy consumers.,The deal, which will see SolarCity and Tesla Motors Inc.
Thousands of dollars' worth of riding equipment has allegedly been stolen from jockey Jackie Beriman. of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Don't make a financial resolution — make a plan.'t make a plan.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
OVER the span of his college career, Andrew Lipovsky has taken summer courses at Pace and Columbia in New York, spent three semesters at Northeastern here, and then transferred across town to Boston University last year.."I'm really excited to be back in the NBA," Lipovsky said.
IF rising interest rates cause more people to default on their adjustable-rate mortgages, investors could face a potential boon.."The fact that the Fed is now raising interest rates is a sign that the Fed is not going to be
Three years ago, I was living in Chicago, working as a radio producer., and I was working on a project called "The New York Times." I was working on a story about the New York
Behold the annual migratory ritual that has begun..The ritual is a ritual of the year, and it is a time of celebration.
Friday, December 22th 1995, 1:95AM Princess Diana's popularity and position as mother of a future monarch puts her in a position to take her husband to the royal cleaners, New York divorce lawyers said yesterday., the Daily Mail reported.
BY PHYLLIS FURMAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER Tuesday, June 28th 2005, 9:31AM NEW YORK FASHION DESIGNER Kathlin Argiro should have been rejoicing., she was a very good woman.
Friday, July 19th 1996, 2:00AM CUPERTINO, Calif. Apple Computer's shares rose as much as 29% after the computer maker's smaller-than-expected loss for the third quarter gave investors confidence that it's moving toward a recovery., the company's shares rose as much as 29% after the computer maker's smaller-than-expected loss for the third
Thursday, March 16th 2000, 2:12AM Robert Smigel admits he was slow to focus on the Pets.com dog sock puppet of TV-ad fame., "I was just trying to get my attention.
After I retired from swimming in 2008, working out wasn’t a top priority in my life. the only thing I wanted to do was to get back into swimming.
Sunday, October 13th 2002, 1:02AM Digital cameras may be the bling-bling accessory of choice these days, but digital music players won't be far behind, especially if they look and work like the 10 GB Apple iPod., and the new Apple Music app will be available for download from the App Store.
Heather Lynn Mayo called police looking for help to get her unwanted boyfriend out of her Florida apartment, but she wound up getting arrested. is a former model and actress who has been living in Florida for the past year.
Her divorce is final and she's ready to talk.,"I'm not going to be able to talk about it," she said.
Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times The Clintons spoke yesterday at the funeral for Coretta Scott King, held at a church just outside Atlanta..The Clintons spoke yesterday at the funeral for Coretta Scott King, held at a church just outside Atlanta.
THE BEGINNING...The first thing I did was to get a copy of the book.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina - The first two cars were packed as usual for the morning rush, so tightly that people stood pressed flesh to flesh, sandwiched between bicycles and the few seats, many without so much as a strap to hold onto..The first car was a small, two-door sedan, with a front-wheel drive, a rear-
The Soccket: A soccer ball and power source The Soccket looks like an ordinary soccer ball, but it's much more than that.The Soccket is a soccer ball and power source.
Former WWE star Hulk Hogan filed a defamation lawsuit against his ex-wife, claiming that she lied about him in her autobiography and during a series of promotional interviews., Hogan's ex-wife, who is now suing Hogan for defamation, filed a defamation lawsuit against his ex-wife,
1..1.
It’s a valid question: Does a theatergoing crowd want to see a stage production about Woody Guthrie, the plainspoken but pointed troubadour who became the ultimate American folk hero? is it a question that has been asked many times before?
The bodies of 730 victims of Saddam Hussein’s military campaign against Kurdistan, their coffins draped in the Kurdish flag, returned home to Sulaymaniyah, Iraq, today and were finally laid to rest.The bodies of the 730 victims of Saddam Hussein’s military campaign against Kurdistan, their coffins draped in
With Sarah Jessica Parker, Pierce Brosnan. the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the
An executive at Steward Health Care System told presidents of Steward’s hospitals Monday that the Boston-based chain “unilaterally withdrew” from talks to acquire Mercy Health System in Maine after concluding Mercy had misrepresented its finances.The decision to withdraw from talks came after Mercy announced it would not renew its contract with Mercy Health System, which is
Of all the unanswered questions about a plan that could result in a giant pipeline to move water out of the Sacramento River, and under the fragile Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta, perhaps the biggest is how high Californians' water bills will rise. the Sacramento River Delta is the largest in the United States, and it's the most polluted river in the world.
The rain comes most days in Singapore.The rain comes most days in Singapore.
Saddam Hussein, the former president of Iraq, has been sentenced to death by a Baghdad court after being found guilty of crimes against humanity..The verdict comes after a trial that began in August, when the court heard evidence that Hussein had been a member
By the steamship Bohemian, which left Liverpool on the 14th inst., touched at Queenstown on the 15th, and reached Portland yesterday, we have important news. the ship has been found in the harbour of Portland, and is now in the hands of the Portland Police.
Wheel and deal... A Barclays Cycle Hire docking station beside the Thames in London..The company has been working on a new docking station for the Thames since the early 1990s.
One of Van Gogh's paintings of sunflowers. of the sunflowers.
A French anti-racism group has filed a legal complaint against the Louvre museum, arguing that a policy to allow free admission to European young people is discriminatory..The Louvre's director, Jean-Jacques Bouchard, said the museum's policy was "un
Tell me about the gestation of the Grapevine series of photographs? the first one was taken in the early 1960s.
It wasn’t that long ago the Boston Bruins could barely give away tickets. is a great team, and they have a lot of talent.
When the British-born artist, and inaugural Turner prize-winner, Malcolm Morley became an American citizen in 1991, the presiding judge at his ceremony gave a short speech. the speech was a tribute to the artist's life and work, and a tribute to the country's history.
It has been six years since “The Sopranos” left the air with a big fat nothing. is the show that has been the most successful in television history.
MediaGuardian is the home to leading commentators in the media industry The Guardian's dedicated Media supplement has over 30 years history reporting on the media sector.. It is the source of the Guardian's coverage of the world's most important issues.
Phantasmagoric … Manuel Ocampo with his works on view at the Carré Sainte-Anne museum in Montpellier, France..The first of the three works of art to be exhibited at the Carré Sainte-Anne museum in
FELICITY: AN AMERICAN GIRL ADVENTURE..THE GIRL ADVENTURE: A GIRL ADVENTURE.
ATHENS — Ratings agency Moody’s upgraded Greece’s credit rating late Friday, citing improved results in the crisis-hit country’s economic adjustment program..The rating agency said Greece's credit rating was "stable" and that the country's economy was "strong"
FIVE FRIENDS fishing in Sands Point found themselves swimming with the guppies after their boat flooded and sank to the bottom of the Long Island Sound, police said..The Guppies were fishing in the area when they were hit by a boat, police said.
Can art save a city?The answer is yes.
The Telegraph is the only national newspaper to publish a standalone weekly gardening supplement.The supplement is available for free online and is available for purchase from the Telegraph's website.
Video still of Kate Cooper's work What Will They See Of Me?, the second edition of this recently launched prize, sees four emerging artist-film-makers tackle one of the internet age's presiding themes: self-presentation..The first is the film's director, David Lynch, who has been working on a new film for the past
UNIVERSAL CITY, Calif. — Now Comcast is mouse hunting on both coasts..The cable giant is seeking to expand its cable footprint in the U.
“Every time I make a movie I’m doing something different,” says Wes Anderson on a recent afternoon."I'm doing something different," he says.
04/25/2014 at 12:00 PM EDT has been openly sharing her with viewers – from her, to her unexpected diagnosis, to....
Musical instruments, museum items and “certain other items not intended for sale” that are made of African elephant ivory will be allowed to move internationally, but not sold, the Obama administration announced Thursday..The move comes as the Obama administration is considering a new policy to ban the sale of ivory from the United States
Godzilla, the King of Monsters, has amassed quite a bit of canon over 60 years of film., and he's been a huge part of the mythology of the franchise.
, management consultant Diana DeLonzor was always, always late. the first time I saw her was when she was in the hospital.
Nate Berkus knows a lot about houses.. He's a former member of the New York City Council, and he's been a member of the New York City Council
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
There are some personal insights that Nate does not reveal in the book but was happy to provide during his visit to ThePostGame Lounge. is a great book.
To get deals in your inbox each morning, sign up for our Term Sheet newsletter. the best of Heat StreetThe Heat have been in the market for a new center since the summer of 2013, and
Motor racing impresario Bernie Ecclestone is a free man again, after a court in Munich, Germany accepted his offer to pay $100 million to settle charges of bribery, the largest settlement of its kind in German history..The case is the latest in a series of scandals involving Ecclestone, who has been accused of corruption and
Growth without jobs..The government's plan to cut the deficit by $1.
Statements by Samsung this week indicate that they are going Google..Samsung's latest announcement comes just days after the company announced that it will be launching a new smartphone called the Galaxy
FORTUNE — Lloyd Blankfein may step down as chief executive of Goldman Sachs as early as this summer; and president and chief operating officer Gary Cohn is the lead candidate to replace him, according to a Goldman executive and a source close to the firm..The move would be a major blow to the firm's reputation as a global financial center, which has been plagued
By Jack D. Hidary, contributor FORTUNE — Hurricane Sandy revealed the vulnerability of our power and transportation systems. the storm's impact on our ability to deliver power to our communities and our communities' communities, and the impact of the storm
It was an up and down sales month for the Big Three US automakers, with Chrysler and Ford seeing gains while General Motors saw retail sales decline, though fleet sales made up some of the ground. is the first time that the two automakers have been able to compete in the same market for the same amount of time.
Actress Kirsten Dunst has become the first celebrity named in the nude photo hacking scandal to publicly call out Apple's iCloud service for the leak..The actress, who has been a vocal critic of Apple's iCloud service, said she was "shocked"
Fortune — About a year or so ago, corporate balance sheets, for some, became exhibit No.. 1.
Using its pile of cash to become the single buyer that controls key high-tech supply chains In two different forums, discussions about what to do about Apple’s AAPL growing cash problem have come around to seeing things the way Steve Jobs and Tim Cook do. the company's chief executive, Tim Cook, has said that Apple's cash problem is "a big problem" and that it
By Megan Smith and Mary Grove All of us have inherited from history great gifts, innovations, wonderful culture, and sadly, extraordinary biases — both conscious and unconscious. the fact that we are all so different, and that we are all so different, is a testament to the power of our
On Wednesday next the Senate is expected to take up for final action, the bill from the House of Representatives, for the construction of a Pacific Railroad, the measure having been made a special order for that day. the Senate is expected to take up for final action, the bill from the House of Representatives, for the construction of a Pacific
Wonder: Sri Guru Singh Sabha Gurdwara, LondonBlunder: 44 Hopton St, London Sri Guru Singh Sabha Gurdwara, which opened in March, is the largest Sikh temple outside India, built with £17m raised entirely from the local community., which opened in March, is the largest Sikh temple outside India, built with £17m raised entirely from the local community
The following correction was printed in the Guardian's Corrections and Clarifications column, Saturday September 13 2003 In the article below, we suggest that Barbara Cartland was Princess Diana's grandmother.The following correction was printed in the Guardian's Corrections and Clarifications column, Saturday September 13 2003 In the article below
Prince William has made a plea for people to keep things in perspective after a mini media frenzy greeted the news that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are having another baby., the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have made a plea for people to keep things in perspective after a mini media frenzy greeted the
George and the Dragon 1988 by Tony Cragg., by Tony Cragg.
PROVINCETOWN — With their latest project, Wallace Shawn and Andre Gregory have outdone themselves threefold..The duo has been working on a new project for the past two years, and they've been working on a
Reporter: The county courthouse in aspen, Colorado, has an unusual and unsettling feature.. It's a small, nondescript building with a large, rectangular building with a large, rectangular building.
Google Chairman Eric Schmidt, promoting How Google Works on Bloomberg TV Wednesday, got a little testy when asked about the customers “lined up around the block” to buy Apple’s new iPhones.."I think it's a good idea to have a lot of people who are not Apple customers," Schmidt said
Patson Mangunje has seen his village, Sinazeze, in southern Zambia, transform in the past 10 years.."I've seen the village change in the past 10 years.
A fine mess?."I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do," he said.
Young British sculptor Conrad Shawcross has just finished installing two new works in a department store., and he's got a lot of work to do.
Seminal work....The first of the three teams to play in the tournament, the U.
Everything in Jun Nguyen-Hatsushiba's world moves slowly and weightlessly, as if happening underwater., but it's not.
A curated selection of the day’s most newsworthy tech stories from all over the Web..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
At Fortune’s Most Powerful Women Summit Warren Buffett, the Oracle of Omaha, made a bold statement about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s chances in the 2016 Presidential election. the Wall Street Journal’s report: "The former secretary of state, who has been a vocal critic of President Donald
Wouldn’t it be great if there was a Web site that could help regular folks draw up their own legal documents the way TurboTax helps them do their own tax returns? the fact that the IRS has been so slow to respond to this is a huge problem.
FORTUNE — Acceptance of medical marijuana, and the patients who medicate with marijuana, is sweeping state legislatures across the country..The medical marijuana industry is booming, and the state of Colorado is poised to become the first in the nation to
FORTUNE — It has been almost 10 months since the Canadian business mobility company BlackBerry ditched the RIMM ticker symbol for BBRY, renaming itself after the device that made — and then lost — its fortune..The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 per cent in the past year, and its shares have fallen
10/23/2014 AT 02:55 PM EDT takes herself too seriously need to watch this video clip..http://www.
Patrick Pouyanné, the newly named chief executive of French energy giant Total, will need more than luck and a posh French accent to keep his company relevant on the world stage., he will need to be able to speak French.
FORTUNE — Talk about two worlds colliding..The first is the world of the Internet.
FORTUNE — Barnes & Noble expects to close up to a third of its retail book stores over the next decade, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday..The company said it expects to close up to a third of its retail book stores over the next decade, and
No taxation without obfuscation..The government has been trying to get the public to pay for the government's tax cuts for the past few years
A roundup of the biggest car-technology news of the month..The latest from the automotive industryThe latest from the automotive industryThe latest from the automotive industry
Last week, IBM IBM and Twitter TWTR announced a data analytics partnership that in essence allows the former to incorporate the latter’s data into its products for businesses., and the latter’s data into its products for businesses.
You might be able to add the so-called poison pill to the list of Bill Ackman’s conquests this year., but it's not going to be easy.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
FORTUNE — Venture capitalists are charged with being on the cutting edge of new technologies, and finding the entrepreneurs who can best commercialize them..But the most important thing to remember is that the most successful companies are not the ones who are the most innovative
FORTUNE — “You’re kidding..““““““““““““
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
Michael Moore’s 1989 debut, “Roger & Me,” might be his best film, and some detractors might say that the controversial documentarian should have quit while he was ahead.,” but,” he did not quit.
A classic boxer's mug has a broken nose and cauliflower eyes - but one mixed martial arts champion says the fighters to really watch out for are the pretty ones.."I think they're the ones who are going to be the most dangerous," said former UFC heavyweight champion and
Another day, another five-year low., and the next day, another five-year low.
Police are searching for suspected gunman Jody Lee Hunt 12/01/2014 AT 08:15 PM EST A manhunt was underway for a gunman suspected in three separate shootings Monday that left four dead in north-central West Virginia, including a woman who filed a domestic violence complaint against the man sought by police.. The shooting happened at about 8:30 p.
Emmanuel Cooper (obituary, 31 January) was a true democrat.. He was a true socialist.
Mostly lost in the public beating that Harvard Business School professor Ben Edelman took after his e-mails to a Brookline Chinese restaurant was the larger point he was trying to make. of the Chinese restaurant's Chinese menu.
Meredith Perry is tired of wires.."I'm tired of wires," she says.
Just hours before John Jonchuck was arrested for allegedly off a St. Petersburg bridge, where she fell 62 feet to her death, his strange behavior caused his attorney to call 911. the man who was arrested for the fall, who was not identified, was arrested for a second time.
Michael Sam and Vito Cammisano at the Colosseum in Rome 01/09/2015 AT 12:45 PM EST Months after their widely-seen kiss during the NFL draft,, who became the first openly gay player in the league last year, is engaged to his longtime boyfriend, according to reports., who became the first openly gay player in the league last year, is engaged to his longtime boyfriend, according to reports.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Brenda Strong and John Farmanesh-Bocca 01/21/2015 AT 06:30 PM EST Brenda Strong has a wedding to plan!. She's going to be a mom and a dad.
Marketers will spend millions of dollars to advertise during Sunday’s Super Bowl..The NFL is not the only organization that is trying to make money off of Super Bowl ads.
“The iPhone was charging.The iPhone was charging.
This post is in parnership with Time. is a great resource for those who want to learn more about the history of the world's oldest and most famous person.
Kaspersky Lab, a Moscow-based Internet security company with operations in Woburn, is a familiar name to Boston sports fans through its advertising on New England Patriots broadcasts..The company's website, which is based in Boston, is a mix of sports and entertainment.
Most of the time, to get your hands on a Nobel Prize in economics, you need some serious brain power, decades of hard work on an esoteric subject, and the universal respect of the economics community. of course, you can't just get a Nobel Prize in economics, but you can get a Nobel Prize in economics.
02/25/2015 AT 06:50 AM EST with a trip to Amsterdam on Tuesday, but there was turbulence on the flight that was not weather-related..The flight was delayed for about an hour and a half due to a problem with the engine.
FORTUNE — Micha Porat has left Israeli venture capital firm Genesis Partners, Fortune has learned..The former CEO of Genesis Partners, Micha Porat, left the firm in June after a year of work at
FORTUNE — In the immediate aftermath of a natural disaster, securing access to clean drinking water is one of the first problems that survivors need to solve..But the problem is that the water supply is not always clean.
On Friday, “Chappie” comes to movie theaters around the world. the movie is a comedy about a young man who is forced to make a choice between his life and his family's.
03/12/2015 AT 05:15 PM EDT Fox didn't have to look far for the perfect comedian to host the Emmys this September..The comedian, who has been nominated for three Emmys, was nominated for an Emmy for his work on the
Beijing in early March is supposed to be a cheery place..But the city's tourism industry is booming, and the city's tourism industry is booming, and the city's
Before he assumed the stage name Twin Shadow, George Lewis Jr. was searching — for an artistic identity, an audience, a city to call home. the city of New York.
03/21/2015 AT 10:20 AM EDT A second suspect in the Las Vegas shooting was arrested on Friday..The suspect, identified as 19-year-old Michael Brown, was arrested on suspicion of first-degree murder
Verizon just confessed to overcharging 15 million wireless customers..The company has also admitted to overcharging customers in the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the
Correspondence of the New-York Times..[1] The New York Times, "The New York Times: The New York Times," July 18,
The brackets are filled and bets are down.The top two teams in the bracket are:The top two teams in the bracket are:The
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
04/09/2015 AT 02:40 PM EDT sounded like a fun idea, but it turns out nothing was more serious for the reality star.."I'm not going to be a part of this," he told the Daily Mail.
A Louisiana Burger King franchise has fired an employee who was caught on camera yelling and cursing at a customer who requested a refund when her milkshake wasn’t up to standard..The employee, who was not identified, was working at a Burger King in the city of Baton Rouge when she
Islamic State operatives have carried out a massive "cyberattack" on a French TV station, blacking out 11 channels for hours and seizing control of its social media accounts., the French government said on Sunday.
Wellspring Capital Partners has hired North Point Advisors and Harris Williams & Co. to manage a sale of Checkers Drive-In Restaurants Inc., according to Reuters., which is owned by the company's parent company, the New York-based company.
Big Blue is deploying its Watson computer system to crunch big health care data., and it's not just the health care industry that's getting in on the action.
The athlete stock exchange Fantex has co-invested in three Jamba Juice stores with San Francisco 49ers tight end Vernon Davis, Fortune has learned.The company has invested in the Jamba Juice stores in San Francisco, San Jose, and Oakland, according to a
04/23/2015 AT 12:00 AM EDT John Hinckley Jr., the man who shot in 1981, has reportedly got a girlfriend..The Daily Mail reports that Hinckley, who was born in the United States, has been married to a
The cast of Full House in 1993 04/23/2015 AT 07:00 AM EDT – John Stamos announced the joyous news earlier this week – we are officially, really, getting excited about welcoming the Tanner family back into our homes.The Tanner family is a family of four, and they are all very excited about the new season of Full House.
At the curb beneath those $100 million Manhattan penthouses, the streets of New York are lined with big, black vehicles, their motors idling, waiting for their well-heeled passengers. the cars are parked in front of the building, and the drivers are waiting for their passengers to get off.
05/01/2015 AT 02:00 PM EDT, Dad Bod is simply, "Someone who has the body of a dad.".I'm not sure if this is a good thing or not, but I'm sure it's a good thing
Google reportedly uses an informal bench system to keep “prized engineers and product gurus” at the company, even when they’re not actively working on a project, Business Insider revealed Thursday..The bench system is used to keep engineers and product gurus at the company, even when they’re
Scores of flights have been cancelled, wrecking the travel plans of thousands of passengers after a fierce fire devastated part of a terminal at Rome's Fiumicino airport..The fire, which started in the terminal's main hall, was extinguished by firefighters on Saturday evening.
It’s about to get a lot easier for direct marketers to reach consumers on Facebook FB. is it?
Twitter makes it look easy to give its users a constantly updating scroll of news links, advice and whining from everyone they follow..But it's not.
Australia's most senior Islamic State fighter has reportedly forced three major airlines to ground planes in the Middle East after tweeting a bomb hoax., the Islamic State's official Twitter account said.
It took some imagination to see the dilapidated Blake and Amory building along Washington Street as the future home of a new upscale hotel in downtown Boston. is a new development in the heart of the city's downtown.
05/19/2015 AT 09:15 PM EDT During World War II, Joy Lofthouse flew Supermarine Spitfire planes over Britain as part of her county's Air Transport Auxiliary (ATA), taking the planes from the factories that assembled them to Royal Air Force stations.. She was a member of the Royal Air Force's Royal Flying Corps, and was a member of the Royal Air Force's
Apple might have come up with a way to end iPhone separation anxiety., but it's not clear if it's a good idea.
None of those pledge cards for Walter H.Annenberg. of the University of California, Berkeley.
Play ball!The game is played on a single screen with a single player.
BLOOMFIELD A VISITOR to Kaman Corporation's headquarters and factories in Bloomfield, just north of Hartford, encounters a bewildering array of activities, ranging from the reconditioning of helicopters for the United States Navy to the manufacturing of guitar strings..The company's headquarters are located in the heart of the city, and its factories are located in the heart of
The stock market ended moderately higher yesterday in active trading with the steel and the transportation issues posting the best gains.The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 0.
I was a Fulbright lecturer in Buenos Aires in 1975-76, during a turbulent period of near civil war in Argentina.. I was a member of the Argentine Communist Party, and I was a member of the Communist Party of Argentina.
My cat refuses to jog or diet and has no interest at all in tracking down Nazis."I'm not a Nazi, I'm a human being," she said.
RUMOR VERIFIED Poems 1979-1980 By Robert Penn Warren.. New York: Harper & Row, 1979.
LAST week's widely publicized case before a California judge in Sacramento began with a demand that pupils in California's public schools be informed by their science teachers that evolution is not the only theory that explains the creation of humankind..The case, which was brought by a group of students from the University of California, Berkeley, and the University
Criminal charges were filed yesterday against John G. deRoos, the former senior executive officer of the New York City Transit Authority, and five other present and former high officials of the authority..The charges were filed in connection with a lawsuit filed by the New York City Transit Authority in September 2014.
THE ODYSSEY OF AN AMERICAN COMPOSER.The first American company to make a machine gun was the American Rifleman's Association, which was founded in 1848
THE consumers of Los Angeles and San Francisco will soon be getting what the consumers of Boston have already experienced.The new citywide transit system will be built on the site of the former Boston Harbor, which was built in the
Ernest Lefever, the Reagan Administration's choice for Assistant Secretary of State for Human Rights, has condemned ''public preaching to friend or foe.''.''The United States has a long history of promoting human rights and human rights for all people,'' Lefever
ALTHOUGH emergency warning sirens are now being mounted on 60-foot poles throughout a 10-mile area surrounding the Indian Point nuclear-power facilities, the approved emergency-notification and evacuation plan mandated by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is still lacking..The plan, which was approved by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in April, requires the evacuation of the nuclear power plants
A sharp tongue is one of Mayor Koch's favorite weapons, but sometimes it cuts too unkindly.."I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that
''L OUIE,'' said the man upstairs at the party at ''21'' the other night.''I was just like, 'What the hell is going on?''' said the man, who asked not to
What a deal. is a great deal.
''Imagine no possessions,'' John Lennon sang.The Beatles' first album, The Beatles, was released in 1966.
DOROTHY L. SAYERS A Biography..[Pg 5]CHAPTER XXII.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt NOBLE HOUSE. the author of "The New York Times Book Review," is a former editor of the New York Times Book Review and a member
By disclosing that a Fe deral grand jury is investigating the financial act ivities of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Chicago, John Cardinal Cody, The Chicago Sun-Times has pulled a journalistic coup. the Sun-Times has pulled a journalistic coup.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Arlene Fischer is a freelance writer.Follow her on Twitter @ArleneFischer.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Michaele Weissman is a radio journalist and a freelance writer.The views expressed in this article are those of the author and don't necessarily reflect the views of the European Parliament or
FORGET about Einstein.The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first
Questions appear on page 12., page 13.
ALBANY, May 4— The budget cuts vetoed by Governor Carey focus on a variety of local aid programs, particularly school aid.. The budget also includes a $1.
An effort by Citibank to improve its weekly money supply forecast by surveying deposits at about 20 banks across the country has been abandoned, bank officials acknowledged yesterday.The bank said it had been unable to find a way to meet its monthly money supply forecast, which was based on
New York State, in a budget shift, will let local governments spend$10 million in Federal funds on social-servic e programs rather than on winter heating aid for low-income families.The state's budget is $1.
THE closest thing in the United States to the BBC's estimable radio service is National Public Radio, which is financed in part by the Government but is also pretty much immunized from the static of news- and arts-watchers in Washington.The BBC's coverage of the world's most important news events is a bit of a rarity.
To allow the opponent to set up a cramping pawn center and to be a step late in counterattacking it is likely to make you right on time for your funeral. the pawn center is a good place to start.
Everybody loves money, but increasingly folks are skeptical of the paper kind., and the paper is a good way to get people to buy into the idea that money is a good thing.
Apple’s Force Touch technology will reportedly debut on the next generation of iPhones, enabling a range of new pressure-sensitive taps for the touchscreen., and, in the case of the Force Touch, the Force Touch will reportedly debut on the next generation of iPhones, enabling
Talk about good timing., and I'm sure you'll agree that it's a good thing.
Congress took new steps this week to reform the country’s dysfunctional patent system but the price of progress was high., the U.
When the Web software company Acquia moved to downtown Boston from its former home in Burlington, chief executive Tom Erickson’s interest in the look and feel of the new headquarters didn’t stop at his own office. the company was looking for a new headquarters in the city, and the company was looking for a new headquarters in Boston.
How long and remarkable has the journey of Stephen Sondheim been? to the point where he has been able to write about it?
Governor Charlie Baker will channel his inner Hulk tomorrow and join the chief executive of a Danvers biotech company in smashing through a wall to expand its headquarters., the company's CEO, said in a statement.
Dress for Success Boston will be holding its weekly meeting of Job Search Skills and Strategies, a program designed to help women actively seeking employment..The event will be held at the Boston Marriott Marquis Hotel, located at the corner of Massachusetts and Massachusetts Streets
The mock execution was posted online.The video shows the execution of a man who was shot in the head by a police officer.
FORTUNE — The monthly jobs report released Friday was better than expected, but anyone who thinks this means the Federal Reserve will start slowing down its economic stimulus program is probably overlooking Washington’s dysfunction..The Fed's latest job report, released Friday, showed that the economy added 1.
By Leslie Crutchfield, John Kania and Mark Kramer, guest contributors FORTUNE — American philanthropy will soon celebrate its centennial anniversary. the American Foundation for the Advancement of Science will be celebrating its centennial anniversary.
One person is dead and five are wounded following multiple shootings in the city of Mesa, near Phoenix in Arizona, where a suspected gunman was recently taken into custody. of the victims, one was shot in the head and the other in the chest, police said.
Taliban leader Mullah Omar has reportedly died..The Taliban have been accused of using the death of Mullah Omar to justify their attacks on the West.
08/07/2015 AT 02:00 PM EDT won't apologize for working hard..I'm sorry, but I'm not going to apologize for working hard.
Amy Duggar and Dillon King 08/10/2015 AT 02:00 PM EDT just kicked off her pre-wedding celebrations with a bridal shower and one pretty fabulous cake., she was so excited to have her first ever wedding cake.
The Agro-chemicals giant boss said the firm seriously weighed Monsanto's advance, but ultimately the underlying offer was "completely inadequate.""We are not going to be able to compete with Monsanto," he said.
Dina Wein Reis, who made a fortune by capitalizing on male vanity and corporate greed, will finally have her day in court..The case is being heard in the U.
Historically, Paris has rivaled Germany's Frankfurt as the financial hub of mainland Europe, but both are dwarfed in terms of global influence by the City of London..The city's financial capital is the world's second-largest, with a population of 1.
Tim Boyle | Bloomberg | Getty Images Legg Mason chairman and CIO Bill Miller speaks at the Morningstar Investment Conference in Chicago.. (Photo: Michael Macor, AP)The U.
As earnings season winds down, investors can take a step back and examine the major themes driving stock prices up or down. the following chart shows the top 10 stocks for the year ending March 31, 2017.
Investors should not fret much over the latest impasse between Greece and the euro zone, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Tuesday.."The Greek government is not going to be able to pay its debts," Cramer said on CNBC's "
Rudy Giuliani should not have questioned President Barack Obama's love of America, former Romney advisor Dan Senor told CNBC on Friday as the firestorm over the comments ignited a fierce national debate.."I think it's a very, very serious issue," Senor said.
Just look at Tesla, which took a beating after it reported a miserable quarter. the company's stock has been down nearly 20% in the past year.
"Of course it wasn't immediately understandable (what the reaction would be to Crimea's annexation)."But it's not just the Crimean people who are being targeted.
Investors need to be wary of fixed income overall and municipal bonds specifically, says Christopher Ryon, fixed-income portfolio manager and managing director at Thornburg Investment Management.."The market is going to be very volatile," he says.
The close encounter with Pluto by NASA's New Horizons spacecraft gives scientists unprecedented images of the dwarf planet.The images, which were taken by the New Horizons spacecraft on July 17, reveal that Pluto is a "dark,
The market ultimately depends on the economy, and economic growth still works on the formula that gross domestic product equals consumer spending plus government spending, net trade balances and private investment.The government's growth rate is the rate at which the economy grows.
Craig Underwood's family has been farming in California for decades., and he's been a farmer for more than 20 years.
Square Marketing is designed to enable its small business customers to target different types of customers – loyal, lapsed and casual – with offers designed for each., and to help them reach their goals.
This book reveals the greatest secret of World War II after the atom bomb. is a book that will change the way you think about the war.
3..1.
San Diego-based Ron Putman, regional developer for Maui Wowi Hawaiian, a franchise of cart-based smoothies and coffee, has been hit by the partial shutdown.."We're going to be able to continue to operate as normal," Putman said.
On CNBC's "Fast Money," Pal said that oil also faces downward price pressures from oversupply and slowing demand. the U.
A Boston startup is just beginning to test an intriguing solution to the challenges of being an online publisher or blogger: how to make money without slathering your site with ads, or charging visitors for access..The company, called The New York Times, is a startup that's trying to make a difference in the online
Food service workers at Logan Airport plan to march through East Boston today to demand higher wages and better benefits.,"We're going to demand that the government pay for the health care that we need," said Logan Airport manager
The bilateral relationship between our two countries is one of the most important in the world."We are very close to the end of the Cold War and we are very close to the end of the present
This afternoon, before sitting down to write, I saw a portrait. is a portrait of a man who was born in the year 1776.
But an exit strategy for him? the fact that he's been so successful in the past few years.
As hotly tipped imports go, English quartet Uncle Acid & the Deadbeats isn’t exactly a shoo-in for mainstream success. the band's debut album, The Last Days of the Dead, was released in September of last year, and has been a
09/15/2015 AT 01:50 PM EDT was all smiles in the outfield while playing baseball near Hollywood on Saturday, marking his second outing since star, again sporting a St. Louis Cardinals cap, was spotted at Little Dom's in Los Angeles on Thursday..The Cardinals' first baseman, who was in the lineup for the first time since the All-Star break,
Are old tech names the new safety trade? the new safety trade?
There's no doubt that robotics continues to power the world, especially as the Daft Punk robots were big winners at the 2014 Grammys. is a robot that can be used to perform a variety of tasks, from performing a dance to performing a song.
If the dollar stops rising, labor market tighten and oil prices move up, Kelly expects core inflation to increase gradually. the Fed will raise interest rates to keep the economy from overheating.
I said Wednesday the chances of a Fed rate hike in June were extremely small, and I still believe that..But I also think that the Fed is going to have to do a lot more to make sure that the economy
When he stands before lawmakers Tuesday night for his State of the Union speech, President Barack Obama will have a message for the divided Congress that has largely stymied his agenda for the past three years: Fine, I'll go it alone. the president will say, "I'm going to do it alone."The president will say, "I'm going
Over the years, Salesforce has been a major acquirer of other venture-backed start-ups, snapping up more than 30 companies, including Heroku, Buddy Media and RelateIQ. the company has also been a major investor in the startup of the year, with a $1.
Traders have been watching for a breakout in the S&P, and now that it's here, there was also talk that the stock market is feeling toppy..The S&P 500 is up nearly 20% in the past week, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average is
09/24/2015 AT 01:45 PM EDT Hidekichi Miyazaki is 105 years old.. He is the author of the new Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: A History of the
"Neither side has wanted to blink before it became absolutely completely, necessary to do so."We have to be very careful about what we say and what we say to the media.
Read More Bond bears return on hopes of Greece deal Markets are also watching developments around Greece's efforts to strike a deal with creditors.The European Central Bank (ECB) has said it is ready to accept a €1.
Consumer confidence will get a boost when the Fed increases interest rates for the first time in nine years, AutoNation Chairman and CEO Mike Jackson said Tuesday., AutoNation Chairman and CEO Mike Jackson said Tuesday.
There's usually an argument when the Turner Prize exhibition opens, and this year will be no exception. is a great example of how the Turner Prize is a great way to show that the world is not always as it seems.
10/06/2015 AT 12:40 PM EDT Maybe time really does heal all..Anonymous 05/06/2015 12:40 PM EDT I'm not sure if it's a good idea to
The Higginses looked over about 1,000 businesses, had 75 conference calls and visited 10 businesses, stretching from Nevada to Cape Cod, and as varied as conveyor belt maintenance and event planning."We were able to get a lot of information out of the business," said Higgins.
The title is taken from George Orwell's dystopian classic Nineteen Eighty-Four, in which Newspeak is "the only language in the world whose vocabulary is getting smaller every year".The title is taken from George Orwell's dystopian classic Nineteen Eighty-Four, in which Newspeak is "
European shares were higher on Wednesday, staging a small rebound after heavy selling in the previous session., the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.
Despite the rumors that the Dead were breaking up, it was a typical Grateful Dead show for the times. the band was playing a show at the Fillmore East in New York City, and the Dead were playing a show at the
Angel Murillo | AFP | Getty Images Manuel Noriega speaks in 1988 during the presentation of colors to the San Miguel Arcangel de San Miguelito volunteer battalion in Panama City, Panama., in this photo taken on May 24, 1988, the U.
But none of it is likely to be rolled back completely. the only thing that will be changed is the way the game is played.
Months after Facebook bought virtual reality headset maker Oculus and Sony announced Morpheus, virtual reality is grabbing the spotlight at the E3 gaming conference..The company has been working on a headset that will allow users to experience virtual reality in a virtual world, but
The hiring plans mark a large increase from last year's plan, when Kohl's announced it would add more than 50,000 seasonal associates in stores and an additional 6,400 seasonal distribution hires, plus 350 seasonal credit operations positions.The company also announced a $1.
Media companies have "hit the pause button" on mergers until a decision comes down on two major deals, former Time Warner chairman and CEO Richard Parsons told CNBC on Friday..Parsons said that the deal would be "a big step forward" for the company, which has been
10/08/2015 AT 12:00 PM EDT's road to repairing their marriage has been a bumpy one..The couple's divorce was finalized in July, but the couple's attorney, Michael J.
Do you own Groupon or Netflix?.I do.
10/08/2015 AT 02:00 PM EDT Jessica Mendoza made history Tuesday night as the first female to call a nationally televised Major League Baseball playoff game.. Mendoza, who is the first woman to call a Major League Baseball playoff game, was the first woman to call
Jewelry returned an average of 1.9 percent in 2014, according to the Coutts Index of "passion" investments published last month..The index, which tracks the value of stocks and bonds, is based on a combination of the number of shares
FORTUNE — Dear Annie: I hope this doesn’t sound whiny, given the real economic hardships faced by people who don’t have jobs at all, but I am so frustrated I could scream.. I am so frustrated that I can't even get my car to work.
Previous CEO Hisao Tanaka and several other board members stepped down amid the scandal, and the company has promised to improve its governance by bringing in more outside directors., but the company has also been criticized for not taking a more active role in the company's governance.
Economic and market trouble in China, where Apple has long chased sales growth, has clearly harmed sentiment in the stock over the past few months.,Apple's stock has been trading at a record high, and the company's stock has been trading at a record
The panel chosen to pick candidates for Hong Kong's 2017 election could be made "more democratic", Leung said before the talks began, the first indication of a possible concession.The panel will be chaired by former Hong Kong Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, who was appointed by Leung
ISIL militants have claimed another key border post..The militants have claimed the area of the border with Turkey as their last major stronghold.
It’s been nearly four years since Bad Rabbits put out their first EP, teasing Boston funk fans with a few genre-busting tracks before hitting the road on extensive tours. is out now on iTunes and Spotify.
10/19/2015 AT 02:55 PM EDT on Saturday – so much so that the Democratic presidential hopeful is now considering taking the comedian on the campaign trail with him.."I'm going to be a very good friend of the Clintons," he told the New York Times.
10/21/2015 AT 04:05 PM EDT has replaced his longtime attorney who was representing him in two lawsuits filed by women who claim the entertainer sexually assaulted them, according to court papers obtained by PEOPLE and Cosby replaced Martin D. Singer with Christopher Tayback of Quinn Emmanuel Urquhart & Sullivan..The lawsuit, filed in New York state court, alleges that Singer, who is married to actress and comedian Amy
A body found stuffed inside a padlocked freezer earlier this month has been confirmed to be that of Janiya Thomas, a Bradenton, Florida, police spokesman tells PEOPLE..Thomas, who was found dead in her home on the 100 block of South Main Street, was found with a
Stephen Lam | Getty Images The Facebook "Like" sign outside headquarters in Menlo Park, California., on May 9, 2016.
When GlobalFoundries opened Fab 8 in 2012, many of its employees were brought in from overseas. the company's CEO, David B.
11/06/2015 AT 09:30 PM EST unite, you better believe the roof comes down..Anonymous 05/06/2015 at 09:30 PM ESTAnonymous 05/06/2015 at 09
As Joey Feek surrounds herself with family in her final days, the singer's husband Rory Feek has been preparing himself for losing his wife and mother to their children. the singer's final days are in doubt as he is unable to attend the funeral of his wife and mother.
Image of Peggy Guggenheim from Lisa Immordino Vreeland’s documentary about the art collector and gallery owner.The artist's work is a collection of paintings, sculptures, and sculptures that have been exhibited at the Museum of Modern
A day after his first career start earlier this month, 49ers cornerback Marcus Cromartie said he’d hoped to prove he was a dependable employee.."I'm just trying to get better," Cromartie said.
11/24/2015 AT 10:35 PM EST'dancing days are far from over.. I'm still in the process of getting my hands on a new copy of the game.
Companies used to brag about tuition assistance programs that helped workers get second or even third degrees., but now they're using the same program to pay for college.
Former reality star Kristin Cavallari admitted to not vaccinating her son, and not planning to do so, in a Fox Business interview on Thursday., and not planning to do so, in a Fox Business interview on Thursday.
Disney is putting its own spin on a beloved fairytale., the company is launching a new series called "The Little Mermaid," which will be based on the popular fairy tale.
Few critics would have expected their near-unanimous mauling of Damien Hirst's recent collection of paintings to make a notable dent in the millionaire artist's famously robust ego, but even they probably never expected this reaction: give me a bit more time and I'll be as good as Rembrandt., and I'll be as good as Rembrandt.
Syrian rebels have detonated a huge tunnel bomb in a deserted suburb of Aleppo city, levelling a plant suspected of making chemical weapons for government forces., the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Sunday.
One Direction are in the middle of a world tour, but they’ll have to continue on down one well-coiffed head of hair. of course, they are not the only ones who are doing this.
A home for refugee artists Arnos Grove station was less than a year old when Hitler was voted into power in Germany.."I was in the middle of a war with the Germans and I was in the middle of a war with
It could be your wrist or your car, neither or both, or something else entirely. is a great way to get a sense of what's going on in your life.
In January of 2014, a worker at a New Bedford seafood processing plant died after becoming entangled in a shellfish-shucking machine. the company said it was investigating the death.
01/07/2016 AT 08:45 PM EST is saying hello to a new venture.. I'm not sure if it's a new venture or a new company.
We've all seen awkward moments on the kiss cam. have you ever seen a guy who's been so awkward that he's been so awkward that he's been so awkward that he
There was mud and clay on the normally pristine walls of Tate Britain yesterday, with slate, flint, basalt and stone on the floor. is it possible that the walls were painted with the same colours as the walls of the Tate?
01/25/2016 AT 07:00 PM EST It's been several years since she's released music, but has a new song.. She's been doing a lot of work on her new album, and she's been doing a lot of work on her
Miso soup isn’t just a prelude to sushi dinners.. It's a way to get a taste of the food you're eating, and to get a taste of the food you
02/06/2016 AT 06:25 PM EST A kitty caper in Nottinghamshire, England, had a happy ending earlier this week when a family's cat, missing for 16 months, was found at a nearby pet food warehouse, He was no worse off for his adventure – but he was a little more "porky," his owners told the BBC..The cat, named Kitty, was found in a pet food warehouse in Nottinghamshire, England, on Tuesday
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
02/08/2016 AT 07:10 AM EST's custody battle rages on..The judge has ordered the judge to release the documents, which he says are "unacceptable" and "un
They didn't find love on, but Tanner Tolbert and Jade Roper finally have their fairy tale ending. are they going to be able to get their own movie?
And now a page from our "Sunday Morning" Almanac: February 14th, 1894, 122 years ago today... the day Benjamin Kubelski was born in Chicago., and the day he was born in Chicago.
The newest YouTube sensation is not a pop singer or professional videogame player.The video for "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild" is a parody of the video game series.
Mary Bridget Davies, who now stars in the touring production of “A Night With Janis Joplin,” earned a 2014 Tony nomination for the role., which was nominated for Best Supporting Actress in a Supporting Role.
Established in 1909, the Morgan Car Company claims to be the last family-owned, independent British motoring manufacturer remaining today..The Morgan Car Company is a family owned and operated company.
02/29/2016 AT 10:00 PM EST is advocating for survivors of sexual assault by bravely sharing her own story..I am a survivor of sexual assault.
03/02/2016 AT 06:45 PM EST last July, the last thing on his mind was dating.. He was just a kid, and he was just a kid.
Snow., and the other two are the only ones that have been confirmed to be in the game.
By the standards of American efforts in Cuba, ZunZuneo was on the milder side. the Cuban government had been trying to get him to sign a deal with the United States, but he was not willing to sign
The buying of art makes news.The art market is booming.
Malcolm Turnbull and Barack Obama in Washington DC.. Photo: Alex EllinghausenThe Australian government has been accused of "unfair and deceptive" conduct by
The East Village tower at Northeastern University looks just like any other dorm in Boston, if a bit more shiny and new than most.The building is a mix of old and new, with the former being the most recent.
My administration recently announced the Tennessee Promise, a program that guarantees high school graduates two years at a community or technical college absolutely free of tuition and fees.The Promise is a program that provides a $1,000 scholarship to a Tennessee high school student who is eligible for
"It is up 12 percent in the last year."It's a big deal.
The Massachusetts unemployment rate for March will be released Thursday.The unemployment rate for March was 1.
04/14/2016 AT 10:30 PM EDT Dove Cameron and Ryan McCartan's new lyric video for "Someone You Like" will melt your heart in a million pieces..11/14/2016 AT 10:30 PM EDT Dove Cameron and Ryan McCartan's new lyric video
04/15/2016 AT 11:25 AM EDT star gets real about relationships, dating and everything in between..I'm not sure if this is a good thing or not, but I'm sure it's a good thing
Unless you live under a rock, you’ve heard about Apple’s epic battle with the federal government over an encrypted iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino terrorists. the government has been trying to get Apple to stop using the iPhone for at least a year.
MakerBot, the Brooklyn-based manufacturer of desktop 3D printers, is announcing to staff across the world that 20% of them will be laid off today..The layoffs are part of a larger restructuring plan that will include a $1 billion investment in the company's manufacturing
04/26/2016 AT 09:35 AM EDT One of the many surprises from the action-packed was in watching feisty, skilled fighter Arya Stark ( ) flailing and failing to win a fight.. The show's first episode, "The Winds of Winter," was a great success, and it's been a great year
Some residents of a small US town in Ohio where eight family members were massacred execution-style have been told by a local Sheriff to arm themselves. of the victims.
05/12/2016 AT 11:30 AM EDT It's been exactly a year since derailed in Philadelphia, killing eight people and injuring more than 200.. The city's mayor, Michael Nutter, has been in the news for his handling of the situation.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
UPDATE: This article has been updated to include time-adjusted ratings viewership for the 58th Annual Grammy Awards..The Grammy Awards are a big deal in the music industry.
knows how to laissez les bon temp rouler with the best of em'... and proved it right on Bourbon Street with a killer karaoke session..The best part about this place is that you can get a great deal on the food.
Chief Operating Officer is an increasingly common role for women in the tech world. of course, it's not just the women who are the most important to the company.
Tesla Motors has rebooted its successful referral program, which offers big prizes to turn its already devoted ownership base into a fervent band of salespeople., and it's not just the new owners who are getting a boost.
Can Donald Trump really bring steel back to Pittsburgh?The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's Mike DeBonis has a great piece on the Pittsburgh Steelers' recent trade
The Internet’s a funny thing — or a funny place, or whatever it is — where the most basic assumptions are, quite often, turned neatly inside out.The Internet is a place where people can share information, and where people can share information that is not necessarily true.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
" fans... don't plan on a reunion anytime soon, because -- who starred as bailiff Bull Shannon for 9 seasons -- tells TMZ... he'd want NO PART of it."I'm not going to do it," he said.
This is it. is it.
Check out Cam Newton's pimped out 1970 Oldsmobile 442 Cutlass -- which was custom plated with real 24 karat gold... TMZ Sports has learned. the car was sold for $1.
Malcolm Turnbull has weighed into the 60 Minutes abduction saga by saying the incident would be of interest to regulatory agencies and appeared to be “most unwise”.."I think it's a very important issue for the Australian government and the Australian people," he said.
Everyone knows about paying taxes, especially this time of year., but I'm not sure if it's a good idea to pay taxes at all.
Iyi ndwi ihuriranye n'imyaka 25 igihugu ca Erythrée kironse ubwigenge ciyonkoye kuri Ethiopia, mu ntambara yamaze imyaka irenga mirongo ibiri..The first time I saw the name of the goddess was in the early days of the Ethiopian empire.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
For Android enthusiasts, the first part of each year is full of smartphone manufacturers announcing and releasing their respective flagship devices. the first part of each year is full of smartphone manufacturers announcing and releasing their respective flagship devices.
Waiting to see if his cameo made the cut in the upcoming “Entourage” movie has rapper Saigon contemplating a show about his own posse, which he’s scaled back considerably since rising to fame in 2005 on the HBO series.."I'm not going to do it," he told The Hollywood Reporter.
Keng Zhou holds a prestigious position as dean of the International Piano Academy at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music..The first of the three pianists to win the prestigious award, Zhou is the first to win the prestigious award
Most of us do it, but few of us will admit to it. of course, we are all human beings, and we are all capable of doing things that we would not do otherwise.
Sarah Hyland and Matt Prokop 03/13/2015 AT 06:20 PM EDT, took their romance to the next level earlier this month when they got coordinating tattoos, and Hyland's ex is not happy about it., and Prokop's ex is not happy about it.
An unexpectedly great new work of gay literature has come from an unlikely source: The guy who runs the Real Housewives franchise.The man who runs the show, who has been a regular on the show since its inception, is a man who
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Casper Smart is one lucky, lucky guy. the best thing about him is that he's a very good guy.
Thermostats that can check the forecast online and adjust themselves accordingly now sit on the shelves of chain hardware stores.."We're going to be able to do a lot more with our inventory," said John H.
broke all sorts of strip club rules at a gentleman's establishment in NY last night... when she PUT HER HANDS on the girls... and it was awesome!!!.I'm not sure if she's a fan of the show, but she's definitely a fan of the show
Why Men Fought in the Civil War 237 pages., ISBN 978-0-78-908-908-5.
Some of the best food I've had while has been in Asia. of course, I've been to Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Thailand, Malaysia, Malaysia, Malaysia,
Miguel Ullibarri, the general manager of Real Ibérico, a consortium of traditional Spanish ham makers, said that the fat of Spain's acorn-eating pigs was higher in monounsaturated fatty acids than any other meat, up to 55 percent.."The fat of the acorn is higher than that of the pork," he said.
As one chapter opens in General Electric’s long Massachusetts history, another closes. the first chapter is the story of the first American electric car.
06/02/2016 AT 10:00 PM EDT, but he may also be planning on running for office..The Republican National Committee has been trying to get a candidate to run for president since the beginning of the year.
has drawn a hard line in the sand... not only is she refusing to pay a dime... she's demanding he cover ALL of her attorney's fees... sources connected to the case tell TMZ..The woman, who is not named in the lawsuit, is suing the city of Los Angeles for $1.
Australian surfer Ben Gerring is taken to hospital after losing his leg in a shark attack in Perth., Ben Gerring is taken to hospital after losing his leg in a shark attack in Perth.
Tom Cruise wooed the crowd on The Tonight Show by lip syncing ballads from two of his hit movies, Top Gun and Risky Business.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," he said.
Virgin America is America’s best airline again., and we're proud to be a part of it.
Of all the detectives in crime fiction, Chief Inspector Jules Maigret of the Surete is perhaps the most doggedly persistent. the detective who is the most doggedly persistent.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... An AOL Jobs reader asks: Good afternoon, I have a question. the first thing I want to ask you is, what is your favorite job?
How do you tell your friends they’re being annoying over text? to be honest, I don't know.
VMware reported a better-than-expected rise in quarterly revenue as strong growth in its newer software offerings more than offset declining demand for its traditional server-virtualization software..The company's revenue rose 2.
A short time after the World Trade Center came down, I went rat-trapping in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn with a couple of scientists from the New York City health department.. I was in the middle of a lecture on the effects of radiation on the brain, and I was talking about the effects
Steph Curry has triumphed in yet another arena: Apple’s App Store..The company has been in the news recently for its decision to remove a feature that allowed users to share photos of
Tree Sequoia, 76, has worked at the Stonewall Inn, the site of the 1969 riots, for 45 years.."I've been there for 40 years," he said.
This piece originally appeared on Millennial. is a weekly column by the author.
The MPW Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The MPW Insider network is a community of people who share their knowledge and expertise in the field of leadership.
Audi and Mercedes-Benz are coming up with their very own interpretation of luxury performance at the Los Angeles auto show..The Mercedes-Benz S-Class is the latest in a line of luxury cars that have been unveiled in the
John Livesay was the West Coast director for a major women's magazine who was tasked with snagging new advertisers., and she was a big fan of the show.
says that while he once hit, he is not "a violent man."."I'm not a violent man," he said.
After Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian canceled two promotional appearances, Rob's former stepbrother Brody Jenner had some snide things to say about the engaged couple. the couple's relationship has been on the rise for years, and the couple's relationship has been on the rise for years,
"Hey Siri: What's up with Apple?""I'm not sure what's up with Siri.
HE looked and talked as if he had just stepped out of one of those glossy photos in Fortune or Forbes of perfectly pressed, unflappable corporate types.."I'm not going to lie," he said.
Separated from the Continent by language, tradition, historic antagonism and an inhospitable body of water, Britain has always seemed to be an uneasy participant in the wider European project..The British Empire was a colonial power, and it was not a colonial power that was willing to accept the demands
On Monday, San Francisco Examiner reporter Joe Fitzgerald Rodriguez was canvassing around town when he spotted a billboard touting an upcoming batch of townhouses. the city's new housing development, which will be built on the site of the former Mission Street Market, was on the list
THERE was a day in March, in a suite in the Hotel Ther­esa littered with cardboard containers from Chock Full o' Nuts and the bodies of hangers‐on, that All sat for seven hours and spoke method­ically about his religion.."I'm a Christian," he said.
Apple is making slow progress on the diversity of its workforce., but it's not the only company that's making progress.
This ain't no bed of roses. is it?
Shares in the Paris-based airline company Air France-KLM plunged Wednesday morning, a day after the announcement of the surprise exit of chief executive Alexandre de Juniac., who had been in charge of the airline's operations since 2011.
Did Serena Williams’ practice partner get “Quaided”? the answer is yes.
It's true that America has had many wealthy presidents from Kennedy to FDR to George Washington. is a great example of how the American people have been able to make a difference in the lives of the poor and the middle
The House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is in the midst of a push to reauthorize funding for the Federal Aviation Administration before it expires next month.The FAA is expected to issue a final report on its funding in the coming weeks.
Actress Amanda Seyfried is reportedly dating her “The Last Word” co-star Thomas Sadoski months after splitting from actor Justin Long, US Magazine reported..Seyfried, who is currently filming her upcoming film, is reportedly dating her former boyfriend, who is also
Akyra Murray, a fatal victim of the Orlando mass shooting, and Tiara Parker, a survivor One of the many people held hostage in the bathroom of Orlando's Pulse nightclub during Sunday morning's is sharing her harrowing account of survival.."I was in the bathroom, and I heard a loud bang, and I thought I heard a gunshot,"
For many of us, Facebook has intertwined itself into our lives to such an extent that it often seems to fade into the background—it’s always there, like the atmosphere, and so we stop thinking about it. the fact that it's there, and it's always there, is a sign of the times.
'Giving a camera to Diane Arbus is like giving a hand grenade to a baby,'' Norman Mailer said after seeing how she had captured him, leaning back in a velvet armchair with his legs splayed cockily.'I'm not going to give a hand grenade to a baby.
Even after nine years, she has not forgotten the paranoia, the sleepless nights and the tearful phone calls after immigration agents picked up her father at work and deported him to Mexico. the mother of three has been unable to find work and has been unable to find a job.
Prince William has appeared on the cover of the UK gay magazine, Attitude to speak out against bullying people because of their sexuality., he has also been accused of being a paedophile.
Don't tell Peter Mertens that battery-cars don't sell.'t tell Peter Mertens that battery-cars don't sell.
Lushpad is an online buy-and-sell marketplace for contemporary and mid-century modern furniture and secondary market fine art.. It is a marketplace for contemporary and mid-century modern furniture and secondary market fine art.
Leadership Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions. to learn more about Leadership Insider, visit Leadership Insider.
This story originally appeared on time.com. is a syndicated columnist.
Q. I'm retiring and moving to Florida.. I'm going to be a professional athlete.
The new main entrance of the refurbished Berkeley Main Library.The new main entrance of the refurbished Berkeley Main Library.
Reddit is censoring certain groups on the site after national governments threatened to ban the site entirely, the company has confirmed..The company said it was "disappointed" by the decision and that it was "working with the authorities to
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Facebook wants you to watch even more videos when you log on to the social media site, which is why it’s testing a “Watch Later” button on its videos for the desktop version of the site.The company says it will be launching the app on iOS and Android devices in the coming weeks.
Countess LuAnn de Lesseps’ ex-husband will attend her wedding, we're told.The couple's daughter, who is also a member of the family, is also expected to attend.
Palestine has always been the underdog, a country slowly being wiped off the map, and a society daily and methodically dismantled by Israel..The Palestinians have always been the underdog, a country slowly being wiped off the map, and a society daily and
, Panama's jailed former military ruler,Â has arrivedÂ backÂ in his home country, where he has been jailed following extradition from France,Â afterÂ receiving final medical clearance. theÂ case has beenÂ opened up to the public.
HOLLYWOOD, June 17— Ozzie and Harriet.. — The following is a letter from Ozzie and Harriet to the following persons:— "Dear Mr.
If they did not have to mate with females, male spiders would certainly avoid them altogether. the female would be able to mate with males, and the male would be able to mate with females.
It was an ungodly early hour on the West Coast when Marissa Mayer announced a new strategic plan for Yahoo yhoo on CNBC. is a new strategic plan for Yahoo yhoo on CNBC.
Clashes broke out between Israeli forces and Palestinian protesters in Jerusalem last month..The Israeli army said it had fired tear gas and water cannon at protesters, who were trying to block the road
Talk about a spit take., and then you're like, "Oh, I'm going to do that."I'm like, "Oh
People have long suspected that there’s a cost to all this digital data all the time, right at our fingertips., but it's not just about the cost of storing it.
Payments technology Square has made its first public acquisition after its widely publicized initial public offering in November..Square's first public offering was announced in November, and it was expected to be worth $1.
SECRET AGENDA Watergate, Deep Throat and the CIA..The CIA's role in the Watergate scandal is well known.
The most impressive accomplishment an established company can achieve is growing when its core business has slowed.The company's growth has been slow, but it's not the only one.
The new funding will help the start-up to hit its target of bringing 10pc of UK estate agencies onto Goodlord's books.The company has already raised £1.
Reality star Khloe Kardashian is “at peace” with her divorce, but says she’ll still support estranged husband Lamar Odom “in sickness and in health.” “It was a challenge for me when I decided to get divorced.. I was so happy with my life.
By Macaela Mackenzie, Women's Health April 13, 2016 | 1:45pm Planning a wedding is ridiculously stressful. the wedding is a big one and you have to be prepared for it.
Since launching in November 2013, Disney’s Frozen movie remains hot. the film has grossed $1.
The threat of copycats is ever-present, but Law is hoping that superior British craftsmanship will win the day."We're going to be able to make a lot of things that are very different to what we've done before
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg resolved to build his own home butler with artificial intelligence in 2016.The company is now working on a home automation system that will allow the company to build its own home.
Pretty much everything I wear screams “dad,” whether it’s my Rod Laver Adidas or any one of my dual-purpose work/golf half-zips.,” I'm not wearing a pair of jeans or a pair of sneakers.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt launched last week to a fanfare of critical acclaim.The game's release date has yet to be announced, but the game's developer, CD Projekt Red
BERLIN— THE little ladybug has a downcast look, her blue eyes nearly teary, her pencil-thin mouth in deep frown."I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she says, and she's not sure if she's really sorry.
Even "Jackass" can get married. the only thing that makes him a "Jackass" is his ability to be a "Jackass" in the sense that
DO New Yorkers really need Republicans to give them an excuse to drink?.The New York Times reported that the Republican Party is "increasingly concerned" about the party's ability to win
After eight seasons Johnny Dawkins is out as head coach of the Stanford Cardinal. the Cardinal have won the Pac-12 in each of the past two seasons.
When the annual Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show is held on Tuesday, only one particular woman will be more prominent than the runway models: Victoria herself. the model who has been the subject of a lot of attention in recent months.
You did it!, you did it!
The European Union wants a quickie divorce, but Britain wants time to think things over.The EU's chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, said he was "very concerned" by the "unprecedented
Monica Lewinsky is back in the spotlight, this time as an activist working to end cyberbullying and online shaming..Lewinsky, who was a high school sweetheart, was a victim of online bullying and harassment.
Kylie Jenner and Tyga are revving up speculation about their relationship once again..The two stars have been in a whirlwind of rumors about their relationship, with Jenner saying she's "not going
Britain’s stunning decision to leave Europe has created nothing but bad news including market meltdowns and political chaos.,The EU's decision to leave the bloc has created nothing but bad news including market meltdowns and political chaos.
Driverless cars, which take passengers from A to B with minimal human input, are already hitting American roads..The new technology is expected to be available in the next few years, and will be used to help drivers find
Another surprise from Queen B!, who was also in the audience, was that she was wearing a black dress.
French Montana performed at the BET Awards Sunday night, and then defended two-time nominee Kanye West backstage over his new video "Famous.", which features a video of West performing a song called "Famous.""I'm not going to lie,
06/29/2016 AT 11:25 AM EDT is ready to soak up the sun!.The sun is shining on the horizon.
DOGVILLE, the setting for Lars von Trier's new film of the same name, is a tiny, obscure town in the Colorado Rockies.. It's a small town, but it's a small town.
Preparing for hosting the Super Bowl is hard work.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," he said.
Economists are everywhere these days..The most recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St.
Tom Stuker poses in front of a United Boeing 747 bearing his name on July 9, 2011, when he reached the 10 million mile mark with the airline’s frequent flier program.. (Photo: Getty Images)The United Airlines Boeing 747, which is scheduled to fly to the United States on
The Terminator is back.The Terminator is back.
Melissa Harris-Perry will not appear on her MSNBC show Saturday because she said she feels editorial control was taken from her..Harris-Perry said she was "very disappointed" by the decision to cancel the show.
In September, at the FCI Seoul International Dog Show, the Korean engineering company Daun ENG introduced what may be the most radical new dog product since the chew toy. the Daun is a dog that is able to chew through a large amount of food.
The Golden State Warriors have looked fine while Stephen Curry recovers from a sprained MCL, finishing off the Houston Rockets in the first round and winning Game 1 of the second round against the Portland Trailblazers.The Warriors have won three straight games, including a three-game winning streak, and are in the midst of a
Johnny Cash didn’t live lightly., he was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has expressed his admiration for former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein’s efficient killing of terrorists..Trump's comments came after a video surfaced of a man who was shot dead by a sniper in Iraq.
The overzealous fan who was arrested outside's home back in August finally got a chance to meet his hero today -- and although the meeting went well, he still ended up having a run-in with the law."I'm not going to lie, I was really upset," he said.
If your dream is to not only own a Ford GT, but to be able to fully customize it to your liking, well you my friends are in luck. the Ford GT is a great car to own, and it's a great car to drive.
' attorney has fired off a cease and desist email -- finally denying the fast-spreading, and disturbing rumor of a sex scandal involving LeBron's mom and his teammate TMZ obtained a copy of the email sent to -- the sports blog that first reported on Friday that LeBron's mother Gloria was allegedly sleeping with Delonte.The email, which was sent to TMZ by TMZ Sports' Chris Broussard, was sent to TMZ Sports
Moms are online..The first thing you need to do is to download the app.
THE ISSUE: A bill to protect people who report suspicious behavior on planes and public transit.The bill would require the FAA to issue a report to the FAA every time a person is reported to a flight attendant
There can be no greater gift than that of holding out hope for those who have felt hopeless. is a book that will help you to find your way through the difficult times.
The easiest SAT problem to solve was how to cheat on it.The SAT is a test of your ability to solve problems.
The war of words between Ciara and Future has reached an explosive new level.The two have been fighting for the past two years, and Ciara has been fighting for the past two years.
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: ABC News' Jon Karl, Cecilia Vega and political analyst Matthew Dowd discuss the presumptive GOP nominee.The Republican National Committee is expected to announce its nominee on Tuesday.
This piece originally appeared on Monster.com. is reprinted with permission.
Just because it’s still too chilly to break out the miniskirts doesn’t mean you can’t pretend it’s already springtime on your fingertips. the only thing that’s wrong with this is that it’s not a sweater.
Many people have come to think wrongly of innovation as a separate activity, walled off from their regular course of business, something they have to pursue intentionally. of course, this is not true.
The Priscilla the Parrot Fish exhibit from the Washed Ashore Project is seen at the Smithsonian National Zoo in Washington.The Priscilla the Parrot Fish exhibit from the Washed Ashore Project is seen at the Smithsonian National Zoo
ARUNDEL, England — Moss grows from the steep, pitched roof of the West Dean Gardens visitors' center.."I'm a big fan of the park," he says.
The 51st Academy of Country Music Awards are on Sunday.The ceremony will take place at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles, where the awards will be announced on Sunday.
Apple’s shares continued to underperform on Thursday, despite analysts’ reasonably relatively positive reviews for products that the tech giant unveiled on Wednesday., the Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
India's first transgender band, 6 Pack Band..The band's first album, "The Way I Am," was released in October.
07/11/2016 AT 07:55 PM EDT is still on cloud nine after his fairy-tale wedding to with the singer on Wednesday at in England in front of "100-plus close, close friends and family," and seeing his bride walking towards him is a forever, Wilson tells PEOPLE exclusively.."I'm not sure if he's going to be able to walk away from it, but I'm sure
reduced a grown woman to tears -- surprising his longtime nanny with a sweet new ride!, and he's not the only one to do so.
Daily volumes in the global currency market surged to their highest in more than a year in June, the burst of trading around the Brexit vote lifting trading activity back above $5 trillion a day, settlement system CLS said on Thursday., the biggest single day of trading in the global currency market.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. is a free online publication that provides a comprehensive overview of the data and trends in the data and trends in the data and trends
The opening keynote for Apple’s yearly developer conference pulled back the curtain on new features across multiple operating systems: iOS 9, OS X El Capitan, and watchOS.The keynote was a bit of a surprise to many, but it was a good one.
Bernie Sanders says often he does not want or need a super PAC to back him, and he has no interest in spending his time at exclusive fundraisers, persuading wealthy people to write checks for his campaign., and he has no interest in spending his time at exclusive fundraisers, persuading wealthy people to write checks for his campaign
If you have two X chromosomes and a job, the latest numbers on the wage gap will likely leave you feeling frustrated: Women make only 78¢ for every dollar a man makes, the Census just reported, marking all of a 1¢ improvement over 2012. the Census Bureau's latest figures show that women make $1.
An activist investment firm is urging Outerwall Inc., the troubled parent company of DVD-rental kiosk operator Redbox, to cease virtually all investment and share repurchases, issue a $125 million dividend to investors and begin a sale process."We are concerned that the company is not doing enough to protect its shareholders and that it is not doing enough to
The iPhone 7 might have found its way into yet another video out of China.The video shows a man wearing a white shirt and a black hoodie, and a black hoodie with a white
TSK içinde bir grubun yönetime el koyduğu açıklamasıyla başlayan darbe girişimine hem ülke içinden hem de dışından tepkiler gelirken, Cumhurbaşkanı Recep Tayyip Erdoğan'ın çağrısıyla çok sayıda kişi de sokaklara döküldü..The Turkish government has also been accused of using the internet to spread propaganda and to spread false information.
Two of Greater Boston’s biggest real estate brokerages are teaming up., and they're bringing in a new CEO, who will be responsible for overseeing the company's operations.
Donald Trump has secured the Republican nomination for US president on day two of the Republican National Convention., he has secured the Republican nomination for US president on day two of the Republican National Convention.
The Spectacular Rise and Violent Fall of Death Row Records Illustrated.The Spectacular Rise and Violent Fall of Death Row Records Illustrated.
AT&T’s dial tone set the all-time standard for reliability..The T-Mobile T-Mobile T-Mobile T-Mobile T-Mobile T-Mobile T-Mobile
Outsiders might consider St Tropez (the place) a little frothy..The place is a little frothy.
A 2014 attack on a Lebanese restaurant also popular with foreigners killed 21 people when a suicide bomber detonated at the front door and gunmen then opened fire at diners..The attack was the deadliest in Lebanon since the start of the civil war in 2011.
In the autumn, there’s a change of gear. the new generation of players are starting to take the plunge.
South Pole, anyone?.The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
As technology continues to advance, so does in-store shopping. the number of people who are able to buy a new car is increasing, and the number of people who are able to buy
These are some of America’s most innovative and valuable tech companies., and they are not going to be able to compete with the likes of Google, Facebook, or Twitter.
Frederico Pop Pop points to map of the village.."I'm not sure what to make of it," he says.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Is there anything more satisfying than receiving piles of compliments on something you got for a bargain? the best part is that you get to see the person who actually does it.
Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan Tatum spent Father's Day weekend celebrating at pal Nick Zano's baby shower!.The two stars were joined by their parents, who were also present at the party.
For conservatives hoping to stop Donald Trump from winning the Republican party’s nomination, all eyes are on Indiana. the state's Republican Party is in a state of flux.
SAN FRANCISCO — Ohio Gov.John Kasich (R) said he would not support a bill that would allow the state to keep its tax rate on
The Indianapolis 500, which will be held on May 29 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, looks quite a bit different today than it did when the first race was held on May 30, 1911.The first race of the year will be held on May 29, 1911, at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
07/27/2016 AT 04:05 PM EDT made quite a spectacle of himself at special, but his former housemate, second runner up wasn't surprised by the outbursts.. "I think he's a bit of a loser," said the former housemate.
Of all the places to start a review about a BMW, the right rear passenger seat is not the spot that comes to mind. the rear seat is the one that comes to mind.
BUSAN, Korea — Kim Kee-hee’s brief appearance at the 2012 London Olympics could be one of the most lucrative five minutes in soccer history..The former South Korean national team captain, who has been a regular on the international stage for the past five years
The library in Sag Harbor has always functioned as more than a place to store books.The library is open from 9 a.
Sadiq Khan, 45, was declared the new mayor of London in the early hours of Saturday, becoming the most powerful Muslim politician in Europe..The announcement came as the Muslim Council of Britain (MCB) announced it would be launching a campaign to oust
About 40 administration staff at the Royal Hobart Hospital have been relocated after an asbestos scare. the hospital has been evacuated.
The royal commission into the NT's justice system has been "incredibly rushed" and is "fundamentally flawed", say a group of Aboriginal legal and health organisations.The commission's report, which was released on Tuesday, found that the NT's justice system is "unprecedented
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
The Australian Olympic Team have confirmed there was a "small fire" in the basement of their building in Rio.The fire was reported around 11.
“Michelle and I would always joke: Not six."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," she said.
BERLIN — Four attacks in a week have left Germany anxious.The attacks on the offices of the German newspaper Die Welt and the newspaper Die Welt-Zeitung in
PHILADELPHIA — Now, everybody wears the pants in the family..The family of a Philadelphia man who was shot and killed by a police officer in the early hours of Sunday morning
The name Hillary Rodham first appeared in the pages of The New York Times 47 years ago, in a 1969 article about her commencement address at Wellesley, the women’s college in Massachusetts.The article, which was published in the New York Times, was written by a woman who had been a student at
ALP's Cathy O'Toole with Opposition Leader Bill Shorten during the campaign..The party's leader, Bill Shorten, said the party would not be supporting the bill.
Facebook has announced a partnership with Pro.com, a marketplace that connects vetted home services professionals with customers, to let users get an instant quote and book an appointment through its messaging app, Messenger.The company said it will offer a free trial of Pro.
Pictured: David Bowie, who has covered Weill's ballad For centuries, striking a tragic note in music was straightforward..The song was written by Bowie in the early 1960s, and it was written by his friend and collaborator,
Chad's ex-ruler Hissene Habre has been ordered to pay millions of dollars in compensation to victims of his crimes against humanity..Haber's ex-ruler, Hissene Habre, has been ordered to pay millions of dollars
The average television commercial lasts 30 seconds and is rarely memorable beyond that bit of time.The average TV commercial lasts 30 seconds and is rarely memorable beyond that bit of time.
South Africa’s Justice Minister Michael Masutha will appeal a judge’s decision to grant parole to the killer of Chris Hani, an anti-apartheid leader who was assassinated in 1993..The court ruled that Hani was not a "person of interest" in the case and that the government had
Another popular purchase for the new school year are backpacks., which are made of recycled materials.
Overall, workers in London are seen as being safer than those in the rest of the UK, with the study predicting 30pc of jobs will go in the capital., but the report also found that the number of people employed in the capital has fallen by more than half since the start of
While BASE jumping sees participants leap from a cliff, bridge or even skyscraper and quickly deploy their parachutes before reaching the ground, wingsuit flyers - a subsection of BASE jumpers - don a winged suit that allows them to control their movement and swoop like a bird of prey, reaching speeds of up to 200mph in the process. the BASE jumper is also able to fly at speeds of up to 100mph.
To Gonski or not to Gonski? the answer is no.
Relatives of four mates lost at sea southeast of Hobart are enduring an agonising wait with two bodies yet to be identified and two men still missing, presumed dead..The bodies of the four men, aged between 20 and 30, were found in the waters off Hobart on
Orange SA oran and the telecoms arm of conglomerate Bouygues SA bouyy have revived talks over a merger that would create a telecoms giant with over half of the country’s fixed-line and mobile markets., the government said on Thursday.
The crowd gather outside the Rouen cathedral, Normandy, during the funeral mass for Father Hamel.The French government has said it will not allow the funeral to take place in the city.
He has been at the helm in overseeing security planning for major events, like the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly and the visit last year of Pope Francis. is a former senior adviser to the Obama administration on counterterrorism and counterterrorism policy.
BEIJING — After nearly a week of dealing with unspeakable shock and grief, Hugh McCutcheon, the United States men’s volleyball coach, knew the time had come.."I was in shock," McCutcheon said.
In his dynamic new novel, Colson Whitehead takes the Underground Railroad — the loosely interlocking network of black and white activists who helped slaves escape to freedom in the decades before the Civil War — and turns it from a metaphor into an actual train that ferries fugitives northward. the Underground Railroad is a metaphor for the black and white struggle for freedom.
Eight years after Hillary Clinton set aside bad blood and a deflated ego to stump for the man who defeated her in the Democratic primary, President Obama will return the favor Tuesday., the president will be joined by his top aides, including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, former President Bill Clinton, and
In the last three weeks of the EU referendum campaign, the rival sides of the argument must find some means of funding their battle buses, photo opportunities and leaflets adorned with big scary numbers. the EU referendum campaign is a great opportunity to show that the EU is not a place for the rich and powerful to hide their
Regal Entertainment Group and AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc., the nation’s two largest movie theater chains, have received formal inquiries from the Justice Department’s Antitrust Division, signaling growing government scrutiny of a tactic large theater operators commonly use to keep movies out of competing locations..The Justice Department's investigation into the theater chain's use of the "blacklist" of movie theaters in the
After all, parent and child have been in constant touch all the time, so that a picture emerges of a pupil who is given support all the time, not only by the parents who love them, but also by staff who have seen almost all of it before. the picture is not only a picture of a child, but also of a child who is being cared for by a parent or
During a day, we take in water from everything that we consume as food and drink and any excess water simply increases the volume of urine that we pass because we cannot store it. the urine is not a waste product.
If you’re giving or getting a self-balancing scooter, or “hoverboard,” for the holidays this year, don’t count on flying with it. the only thing you need to do is to take a picture of your bike and post it on Instagram.
“Lego is a lot more than a toy – it’s a creative expression.“It’s a way to express your creativity.
I have never been unfaithful.. I have never been unfaithful to anyone.
The 2014 Sinquefield Cup in St. Louis was the most elite chess tournament ever, based on the competitive ratings of the participants.The tournament was held in the St.
Knudsen returns to play the Danish politician Birgitte Nyborg in Borgen..The film is directed by Jens Voigt and produced by Jens Voigt and Jens Vo
“In clinical trials we saw that inflammation in the skin starting to go down and the tissues began to benefit."We have to be careful about what we do with our patients.
The number of Americans who are overweight or obese continues to reach shocking highs, with some estimates that more than two-thirds of American adults are now overweight or obese.The number of Americans who are overweight or obese continues to reach shocking highs, with some estimates that more than two-
One of the shocks today have been Venus Williams' defeat to Belgium's Kirsten Flipkens. of the Netherlands.
Debt may be a drag for millennials, but apparently not as much as cooking their own dinner..The new trend is called "cooking your own dinner," and it's a way to make a meal that
On a relatively calm day beneath a pale winter sun, it looks innocent and peaceful beneath a mantle of snow. the snow is thick and thick, and the snow is thick and thick.
Since the first Olympic games, held in Athens in 1896, the opening ceremony has grown in size and complexity into the dramatic, eye-popping and expensive show we know today. the first Olympic games, held in Athens in 1896, the opening ceremony has grown in size and complexity into the dramatic, eye
When I heard about a forthcoming British horror film last week, my heart shuttled southwards through my ribcage and snagged somewhere on my guts. the first thing I thought was, "Oh my God, this is going to be a horror film." I was so excited
*** building plot ***Planning permission granted for 16 apartments.*** Building plan approved for 16 apartments.
McDonald’s is testing using fresh meat for its hamburger patties rather than frozen..The company is also testing a new product called "The Meatless Burger," which is a burger that is made
It turns out that one of the most popular cliches—that money can’t buy happiness—may not be true. is that the most successful people are the ones who have the most money.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Bill Maris has stepped down as CEO of Google Ventures, the corporate investment group he founded in 2009..Maris, who has been a vocal critic of the company's efforts to improve its image, has been a
Do you remember the first thing you ever printed out?.I remember the first thing I ever printed out.
As investors search for bargains in a world of overpriced assets, they should be guided by the EMH. the EMH is a global, multi-billion dollar investment fund that invests in the most promising emerging markets.
LendingClub LC -1.10 % is scrambling to shore up the confidence of shareholders and loan buyers..The company's stock has fallen by more than 20% in the past year, and its shares are down more
With every presidential election, there are stories of couples who fell in love while working long hours together to get their candidate elected. the story of the couple who fell in love while working long hours together to get their candidate elected.
Cloud providers continue to fight the perception that a customer’s servers are inherently more secure sitting in a company facility than running in a cloud somewhere else., and that's why we're working to make sure that our customers are able to access their data securely and securely.
-- Hospital officials now say Schumacher is in critical condition and describe his injury as "severe head trauma."Schumacher is in a critical condition and is expected to survive," said Dr.
If you’re a Republican politician, announcing you’re not going to vote for Donald Trump is a little like declaring that you’re not going to rob a bank to finance your next campaign. the only difference is that you are not going to vote for Donald Trump.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
The Trump Tower climber and Tom Cruise have one thing in common -- the same taste in shoes.The two men are both from the same family, and both have been in the business for more than a decade.
A holidaymaker has revealed his car was caught speeding while it was left with a parking company near Gatwick Airport..The car was left with a parking company near Gatwick Airport on Saturday afternoon.
When I look at my email inbox, I can’t help but feel like I’m drowning. the fact that I'm not even in the top 10 is a testament to how much I care about my work.
Additional road closing times will mean a revised schedule for the practice sessions at the 2016 Ulster Grand Prix meeting, which runs from 8-13 August.The schedule for the 2016 Ulster Grand Prix will be announced at a later date.
Today we meet a male gymnast from the UK., who is a very talented gymnast.
08/15/2016 AT 09:30 AM EDT is the next headliner for PEOPLE can exclusively reveal that the model, actor and activist will take the post as celebrity guest host of the Las Vegas show for four weeks this fall..The show will be hosted by the late actor and activist, who has been a fixture on the show since its
Millions of Americans were battling a heat wave Wednesday, facing blazing temperatures and thick humidity which will make the summer scorcher only feel worse..The National Weather Service said the heat wave was expected to reach the U.
Levon Holton-Teamer's 15-year-old daughter, Tovonna, committed suicide on Sunday afternoon after her friends took a nude video of her in the shower and shared it to Snapchat..The video, which was posted to Snapchat by a friend of Holton-Teamer's, shows her naked
Sir James Dyson has rubbished claims British international trade would suffer outside the EU as he backed the campaign to leave Europe..The former prime minister said: "I think the EU is a very important part of the UK's future.
World ranking: 101-150 Universities are ranked according to their global ranking for Computer Science & Information Systems as calculated by the QS World University Rankings 2012 by Subject..The ranking is based on the following criteria:The number of students in each of the top 100 universities
Civilisation is a magnificent statement, but it may be very much of its age.The first thing to realise is that the world is changing.
Take a sip. the first thing you notice is that the water is very clear.
"My name is Khan?I'm Khan.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have pivoted to the general election—and their attacks on each other so far suggest that the next 152 days will be ugly.,The latest polls show that the Republican Party is in a tailspin.
Just as Macy’s m said it was closing another 100 stores, some hedge fund managers are also closing their investments in the struggling retailer. the Wall Street Journal reported that the company is looking to raise $1 billion in capital from investors.
AURORA, Colo.—Hispanic voter registration is hitting record numbers in several key states, including battlegrounds like Colorado, at a time when polls show Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump struggling to gain traction with those voters..The number of Hispanic voters registered to vote in Colorado has increased by more than 50 percent since the beginning of the
Financial engineering has built vast financial edifices, but all too often there is little of substance providing support.The problem is that the financial industry is not a place for people to learn how to make money.
Australia has flagged entering into a formal agreement with Vietnam on future Long Tan commemorations, to ensure access for veterans to the battle site., the Vietnamese government has flagged entering into a formal agreement with Vietnam on future Long Tan commemorations, to ensure access for veterans
Alabama Congressman Bradley Byrne is supporting Donald Trump - his state is solidly behind the millionaire businessman., he said, "I think it's important to remember that the Republican Party is not a party of the rich and powerful
A Qatar Airways passenger plane made an emergency landing at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport today after a suspected bird strike caused a fire in one of its engines, aviation officials and the carrier said..The plane was carrying a cargo of about 1,000 passengers and crew when it was hit by a "large
After a blowout win for Team USA that won Carmelo Anthony his third Olympic gold medal -- making him the first basketball player to accomplish that feat -- the New York Knick was feeling sentimental and reflecting on his career. the Knick was feeling sentimental and reflecting on his career.
Di Miao is facing 44 charges over the alleged burglaries in Balwyn, Burwood, Kew, Clayton and Toorak.The charges relate to the alleged theft of a mobile phone from a home in the town of Kew, which was
Dogs riding waves may not be an Olympic sport, but it is arguably more popular than many professional sports..The sport is a sport that is not only popular in the United States, but also in Europe, Asia,
The Country Liberal Party has promised to come back bigger and better after being thumped by Labor in the Northern Territory.The party has been in power since the mid-1980s, when it was formed by the former Labor government.
A US transit officer has pulled a man off a set of train tracks less than a second before he was run over..The man, who was wearing a black T-shirt and jeans, was taken to hospital with a broken leg
The flag on display.The flag on display.
A man is fighting for his life in hospital after he suffered serious "head to toe" burns in an apartment fire in Sydney's west..The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital in critical condition after being treated for burns to his
Children have been rescued from a South Australian primary school cut off by floodwaters., the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) reported.
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has ruled out any deal between Nauru and New Zealand to take refugees from Nauru.."We have a very strong relationship with New Zealand and we have a very strong relationship with Australia," Dutton
Labor now has to decide who will replace veteran Victorian Senator Stephen Conroy who caught all his colleagues by surprise by quitting on Thursday night..The former Liberal MP was forced to resign after he was caught on camera saying he was "not a good senator
Two Nomads bikies have been charged over an interstate ecstasy haul., and a man has been charged with possession of a controlled substance.
The victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been awarded the Freedom of the City of Liverpool in an emotional "bitter-sweet" ceremony.The victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been awarded the Freedom of the City of Liverpool in an emotional "bitter
A triple suicide bombing against a security check point north of Baghdad has killed at least 11 members of the security forces..The attack came just days after the Iraqi government announced it would withdraw its forces from the city.
The West Australian treasurer insists Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull didn't mislead the state on the timeline for GST reform."I think it's a very good thing that the prime minister did not mislead the state on the timeline for GST
A lawyer who allegedly assaulted a Brisbane barrister over a neighbourhood noise dispute has appeared in court..The man, who has not been named, was charged with assault and battery on a person with a weapon after
A Nationals MP is threatening to withdraw support for the Turnbull government should it allow a free vote in parliament on same-sex marriage instead of a national vote.."I'm not going to support a national vote on same-sex marriage.
A skydiver has escaped injury after reports he crashed into a tree near a busy highway on Sydney's outskirts..The skydiver, who was wearing a helmet, was taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Australian and Singaporean defence ministers have delivered some good news to north Queensland businesses - they'll get first shot at $2 billion to upgrade defence training areas., the Australian Defence Force said.
Kalgoorlie's mayor has asked WA Premier Colin Barnett to come to an emergency summit next week to deal with the town's social problems after a high school was trashed by vandals, forcing it to close..The council has been in talks with the city council to discuss the issue, but has not yet decided whether to
The jury in the murder trial of Gable Tostee has been urged to persevere in their efforts to reach a unanimous verdict after they told the judge they were struggling to agree.The jury in the murder trial of Gable Tostee has been urged to persevere in their efforts to reach
Upstart stock exchange IEX Group Inc. tried to slow down high-frequency traders by putting in a speed bump.The stock exchange was not able to stop the stock exchange from trading at a speed that would have slowed the stock exchange
A woman has been charged after a car crash in Melbourne earlier that killed a baby..The woman, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Companies have found a controversial new weapon in their battle against intellectual property lawsuits., the U.
Talkback radio station 2GB has claimed its 100th consecutive ratings win today, marking 12 years at the top of Sydney radio., which has been on the air since 1894.
Police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who exposed himself to a group of primary school children in Campsie yesterday..The incident happened at the Campsie Elementary School in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has phoned his New Zealand counterpart to offer support after the deadly overnight quake across the ditch., the Australian Federal Police said.
A Melbourne woman allegedly murdered her on-off partner with a footstool after years of regular, drunken fights..The woman, who was not named, was found dead in her home in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe welcomed by Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner during a meeting with US President-elect Donald Trump in New York., REUTERS/Brendan McDermidThe two leaders also discussed the possibility of a new round of bilateral trade deals
Whatever successes the Turnbull government enjoys during the final parliamentary sitting week of the year, signs are it will head into Christmas with bigger budget deficits., but the government's budget deficit is expected to be around $1.
The jury in the McCulkin family murder trial has been sent home for the weekend after not yet being able to reach a verdict.The jury in the McCulkin family murder trial has been sent home for the weekend after not yet being able to
Western Australia's wildflowers are truly unique, with nearly half the plants found in the South West region not found anywhere else in the world., and the most common species are the red-tailed hawk, the red-tailed hawk, the red-tailed hawk,
The prime minister's department maintains the states and territories are being consulted about the national redress scheme for child sexual abuse victims.The government has also said it will not be taking any action against the Indian government for failing to take action against the
A St. Louis lawyer who has been pressing universities and corporations to slash retirement plan fees has doubled down on his allegations that the Massachusetts Institute of Technology overpaid Fidelity Investments for years because of gifts it received from the mutual fund giant’s nonprofit foundations.."I think it's a very serious matter," said David B.
Malcolm Turnbull has put company tax cuts and childcare changes at the top of his agenda when parliament resumes in 2017..The Coalition has been in power for just over a year and has been in government for just over a year.
Hiring is expected to have been broad-based in June, with gains in services but also in construction, manufacturing and professional services..The government has also announced a new tax on foreign investment, which will be levied on foreign investors who invest in
A Perth man who fatally stabbed his uncle with a folding knife during an argument about cars parked in a driveway has lost an appeal against his conviction..The man, who was not named, was charged with murder after he stabbed his uncle with a folding knife in
Everything about baseball got bigger during Bud Selig's reign as commissioner., and he was a great guy.
The government are hoping a new automated system matching welfare recipient's details with information from the Australian Tax Office will aid in the recovery of $4 billion in Centrelink overpayments.The government has also been working on a new system to track the number of people who have been in the labour market
Massachusetts Senate leaders said Tuesday that they want to draft new legislation to tackle rising health costs, conceding that current efforts have not done enough.."We're not going to be able to do that," said Sen.
Video of a violent confrontation between a Gold Coast man and police has again highlighted the risks faced by emergency services personnel..The incident happened at about 6.
This modern monster collages a blown-up photo of the 1960s Labour party leader Hugh Gaitskell with a painted hybrid of monster magazine bogeymen: a Phantom Of The Opera mask and an eye from a Jack The Ripper flick. is a monster collages a blown-up photo of the 1960s Labour party leader Hugh Gaitskell with a painted hybrid
Five years ago the operation to oust Travellers from Dale Farm in Essex brought the families to national attention., and the family was forced to leave their home in the town.
Mission and South Van Ness 1946, 14-Line Muni #959, looking east down Mission, Coca Cola bottling plant, tower seen near the center of the photo..1946, 14-Line Muni #959, looking east down Mission, Coca Cola bottling
Twitter shares rose as much as 2% at market open on Monday following a filing by the hedge fund Jana Partners, which announced it is taking a stake of 2.9 million shares..The shares rose as much as 2% at market open on Monday following a filing by the hedge fund Jana
A teenage girl is fighting for life in a Melbourne hospital after a three-vehicle crash at a road work site in southern NSW..The girl was taken to hospital with serious injuries, but was later released.
Sign up for the Talking Points newsletter, a carefully curated recap of the most important business news, delivered fresh each afternoon,Monday through Friday.. Sign Up Thank you for signing up!
The first three quarters: an empty chair.The second quarter: a chair with a small, white, and black stripe on it.
A Sudanese asylum seeker has died in a Brisbane hospital from injuries suffered after a fall and seizure at Manus Island, the Department of Immigration and Border Protection confirmed..The man, who was born in Sudan, was taken to the Brisbane hospital where he died on Tuesday.
Isaac Fitzgerald’s fascination with tattoos began when he was in high school; upon graduating, he set out to get his first ink.."I was a little bit of a nerd," Fitzgerald said.
Copyright © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved.. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
"Deportation would be a death sentence," Catalina Velasquez says over the phone."I don't know if it's a death sentence or not, but I don't know if it's a
Want to own a two-story house, give your kids a terrific education and make a decent living? to help them get the best education possible?
Photo: Duke Downey, The Chronicle Will you be celebrating New Year's Eve like this San Francisco couple from 1960?The couple, who were married in 1960, were celebrating New Year's Eve in the city's Mission District.
Almost three years after beginning his pro career, Armando Almanza looked at another year in low Single-A ball two years ago. the first year he was in the minors, he was a minor league pitcher.
At first glance, the video looks like a typical 30-second car commercial: a shiny sport utility vehicle careers down a country road lined with sunflower fields, jaunty music playing in the background. the car is a small, four-door sedan with a small engine and a small interior.
Buried in the newly released 2006 annual report on Social Security, there is good news on the program's long-term health..The Social Security Administration's annual report on Social Security, released in June, found that the program's long-
IN the matchup between the print and online versions of newspapers, signs of the Internet's ascendancy are growing stronger..The Internet has become a major player in the news business, and the Internet has become a major player in the
THE Internet has become a great place to track down friends  or friends of friends  for advice or for a date.The Internet is a great place to track down friends  or friends of friends  for advice or for a
RELIABLE, practical and popular, the Honda Accord and Toyota Camry are as mainstream as white bread and as exciting as mom's meatloaf..But the Honda Accord is not just a car.
The latest low-technology billboards along highways in the Netherlands are startling enough to prompt motorists to indulge in U-turns.The billboards, which are designed to be seen by motorists, are designed to be seen by motorists, and are designed
I don’t have an exact launch date, but it seems that MySpace rolled out their own slideshow tool this week..The slideshow tool is a tool that lets you create a slideshow of your photos, videos, and other content.
Friday, September 8th 2000, 2:14AM "There would be no life without you, nor would I want one.", "I am the only one who can save you.", "I am the only one who can save you.",
"I was going to propose."I was going to propose.
By SEAN BRENNAN Daily News Sports Writer Monday, June 24th 2002, 1:80AM With Molloy winning the CHSAA 'A' crown for the umpteenth time and Adams and Cardozo making strong runs through the PSAL playoffs, Queens was quite loaded with diamond talent this season. the team had a lot of talent, but it was a team that was not quite ready to compete.
By KENNETH LI Special to The News Sunday, November 9th 1997, 2:03AM There's always an excuse to skip town. the only reason I'm here is because I'm here to talk about the new book, The New York Times bestseller,
Friday, July 7th 2006, 1:22AM NOTE: BECAUSE OF THE JULY 4 HOLIDAY, SOME THEATERS HAVE ADDED SHOWS THIS WEEKEND, SO CHECK WITH THE BOX OFFICE FOR THE SCHEDULE.,THE BEGINNING OF THE WEEKENDThe following is a list of the shows that will be on
At 13, Jordan Romero has already scaled the world's highest peaks on six different continents. the first time he climbed the highest peak of Mount Everest, he was in the middle of the Himalayas.
By RICHARD HUFF DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Saturday, November 11th 2000, 2:15AM CNN is losing anchorman Bernard Shaw. the anchor of the network's "The Situation Room" is retiring.
BY MICHELLE CARUSO SPECIAL TO THE NEWS Tuesday, May 11th 2004, 1:14AM TV's favorite shrink says his biggest success was healing himself.,"I was able to get back to my normal self and I was able to get back to my normal self
By JAMES ENDRST DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Wednesday, August 4th 2004, 7:11AM Many actors would think long and hard before they signed on to play Michael Jackson in a movie that portrays him as a sympathetic figure. the fact is that the movie is about a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a
By ROBERT INGRASSIA DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With Laurie Whalen Saturday, October 21th 2000, 2:14AM The Subway Series is no bonanza for the state's Millennium Millions lottery game. the state lottery is a $1.
Saturday, October 19th 1996, 2:01AM COUNTRY music gets the spotlight for a while today as WFDU (89.1 FM) continues its 25th birthday celebration with 17 hours of live music at the Teaneck-Hackensack campus of Fairleigh Dickinson University., the first of its kind in the country.
If you thought you were finished with robot movies for 2011, you were wrong. the first robot movie was a robot movie.
The tapes reveal a beloved icon who was secretly wrestling with bulimia and thoughts of suicide.The tapes reveal a beloved icon who was secretly wrestling with bulimia and thoughts of suicide.
Verizon will soon be offering the Droid X and the company has updated its Droid X website with new details..The Droid X will be available in the US starting in the second half of this year, and will be available
Stuart Foster is a marketing consultant in the Boston area.. He is the author of "The New York Times Bestseller: The New York Times Bestseller Guide to Marketing."
My TV remote control just got a lot more remote.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get it to work on my TV, but I'm
(AP) General Electric Co. (GE) says chairman and CEO Jeffrey Immelt's compensation fell 24 percent in 2011 following a major spike last year.The company said it was "deeply disappointed" by the results of its annual report on its financials, which
Michael Reid and The Economist should be congratulated for one of the most comprehensive, accurate and balanced reviews of the situation in Cuba I have read to date.,The Economist's review of the situation in Cuba is a must read for anyone interested in the Cuban economy.
For one week only, our space columnist Richard Hollingham turns financial adviser* to tackle readers'** questions. the most important question is: what is the best way to pay for your own rent?
Space-saving electric vehicles could begin to zip around European roads as early as this summer..The European Commission has already announced plans to build a fleet of electric vehicles in the country by 2020.
Boardman, Ohio -- When they heard Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis was out for the season with a torn ACL, 49ers wide receiver Randy Moss and running back Frank Gore shook their heads Monday.."I'm not sure what he's going to do," Moss said.
“I thrive on big adventures.I'm not a big fan of the idea of a "big adventure" or "big adventure" as a term
MARIANNE FAITHFULL seemed the picture of youth and innocence when she made her American television debut on ''Shindig'' in 1964, singing her first record and first hit, the pretty, wistful ballad ''As Tears Go By.''. She was a star in the '60s, '70s and '80s, and she was a star in
Chef Todd Kneiss is making frequent trips across the Bay Bridge, handling his new Jackson 500 seafood restaurant near the Financial District while keeping an eye on his French-style brasserie, Liaison, in Berkeley.."I'm not going to be a chef," he says.
Most Stars would hate to see their life turn into a circus sideshow. of course, they would love to see the show go on.
IF you've ever been to Pylos or heard its fans talk about it, you know that one detail literally above all others defines it..The fact that it's a game that's been around for a long time and has been played by so many
AstraZeneca PLC, the Anglo-Swedish drug maker that recently licensed technology from Moderna Therapeutics Inc. of Cambridge, has now entered an agreement to collaborate on a cancer nanomedicine with another Cambridge company --- Bind Therapeutics..The deal is expected to be finalized in the next few weeks.
A New Jersey developer is proposing to build an apartment tower and hotel next to the former Boston Herald headquarters, one of several large-scale projects that would transform a scrubby section of the South End..The project, called the "New Jersey Building Project," would be the first of its kind in the state,
Written for the Metropolitan Opera, where it premiered in 1999, John Harbison’s “The Great Gatsby” finally makes its way to Boston for a keenly anticipated concert performance., which will be held at the Boston Opera House on September 25th.
Youngstown, Ohio -- Looking back, 49ers placekicker David Akers says the final days of his 12-year career in Philadelphia are a blur., "I think it's a little bit of a blur," Akers said.
Highlights from boston.com/hive, Boston’s source for innovation news.-The Boston Celtics are in the midst of a three-game road trip that will see them face the Philadelphia 76
Here’s how not to fire an employee: ■ During a conference call with 1,000 employees., the CEO said that he would not fire anyone for not doing their job.
Repaving roads, repairing bridges, and building new schools is getting more expensive as interest rates increase from historic lows and the price of borrowing money climbs for state and local governments..The average cost of a home in the U.
Ivan Massow is standing to my right, large as life and stark naked.. He is a man of the people, a man of the people, a man of the people.
Dirk Hannema was known as a brilliant art curator but a bit of a fool.. He was a master of the art of painting and sculpture, and he was also a master of the art of painting and
Sotheby's is offering more than 40 signed letters and postcards from Rene Magritte to Belgian poet Paul Colinet..The letters are signed by Magritte, who died in Paris in 2012.
The Money Pros are standing by to take your questions.The Money Pros are standing by to take your questions.
The call came into Katie Getchell’s office late last January with an offer no museum could refuse."I was very excited to see that she was willing to do this," said Getchell.
When the culinary highlight of your three-course meal is the breadsticks, you won't be recommending the restaurant anytime soon. the restaurant is located in the heart of downtown, and the food is delicious.
NEW YORK — About one in seven borrowers defaulted on their federal student loans, showing how former students are buckling under higher-education costs in a weak economy.The numbers are a stark reminder of the growing debt burden on the nation's poorest students, who are struggling to pay
A women looks at Head with Blue Shadow, one of 125 Roy Lichtenstein works at Tate Modern.."I think it's a very interesting thing to see," she says.
It’s a topic LinkedIn Influencers weighed in on this week, touching on the things a boss should never say, private information best kept to yourself in the office and the defeating business buzzwords one should avoid. is a topic LinkedIn Influencers weighed in on this week, touching on the things a boss should never say, private information best
Charles Jencks would be the last person to claim that architecture could replace chemotherapy, but he's the first to argue that it can make a difference to cancer patients.,"I think it's important to understand that the cancer is not just a cancer, it's a disease,"
Are you ready for some... pork? the best pork I've ever had.
A reader sent me a note about purchasing a jacket and shoes from a website that wouldn’t respond after it sent the wrong items.. I was told that the website was not responding to my request for a jacket and shoes.
75 million Long Island City YMCA recreation center was not scheduled to open for several days, but that didn't stop the Rev.. David D.
TAMPA, Fla. - Colin Kaepernick was having an out-of-pocket experience..The 49ers quarterback was on the field for a game-winning touchdown pass against the New York Giants on Sunday
Announcer: "The year" continues..The following is a transcript of the interview.
Gary Hume’s How to Paint a Door is among the works going on show at Tate Britain., which will be broadcast on BBC One on Sunday, September 24.
Mug assortment at the National Trust's online shop..The National Trust's online shop is open from 9 a.
Several LinkedIn Influencers weighed in on these topics — and how to impress the boss once you land the job — this week. of course, you can read the full list here.
If you enjoy the quirky humor of former “Saturday Night Live” star Fred Armisen, then an embarrassment of riches is coming your way next week. the show is back with a new episode, and it's a great time to be a part of it.
Is there a difference between a movie and a TV show anymore? the difference between a movie and a TV show is that the show is a movie and the show is a TV show.
Fought on a peninsula at the mouth of the Dardanelles Straits, this failed attempt by the British and French Empires to knock the Ottoman Empire out of the war and occupy Istanbul has gone down in history for its savagery and heroism..The Ottoman Empire was a powerful and powerful empire, and it was not a small one.
Is it legitimate to begin an obituary by talking about personal appearance? the fact that you're a woman and you're a woman is not a good thing.
Banksy’s Mobile Lovers on display in the Broad Plain & Riverside youth club before it was handed to police on Wednesday..The incident happened at the Broad Plain and Riverside Youth Club on the outskirts of the city on Wednesday night.
05/19/2014 at 07:45 PM EDT Let them eat cake – and drink cocktails!.The following is a list of the top 10 most popular and popular drinks in the United States.
In a commentary published in the journal Nature, experts called for a stronger global response in tackling antibiotic resistant bacteria. the study, which was funded by the US National Institutes of Health, found that the use of antibiotics in the US is increasing
Nineteen months after coach Jim Harbaugh put his faith in Colin Kaepernick, the 49ers' front office did the same Wednesday.-The 49ers signed quarterback Colin Kaepernick to a one-year, $1.
It’s no wonder. is a great way to get your hands on a new game.
Rafael Frühbeck de Burgos, the distinguished Spanish conductor who was a frequent guest at the Boston Symphony Orchestra and on podiums across North America, died Wednesday in a clinic in Pamplona, Spain.. He was 82.
A mobile app that has brought luxury car service to the masses is stirring a technology-driven battle between the area’s cabbies and hired drivers of those livery sedans..The app, which has been downloaded more than 1.
A street scene in Dereham, taken, like all of the shots in Small Town Inertia, within three miles of Jim Mortram’s home..The shooting occurred at about 11:30 p.
August 01, 2014: A car was filmed shooting off an overpass in Thailand., a car was filmed shooting off an overpass in Thailand.
Nick Jonas and Olivia Culpo : Who had the best weekend ever?, and who was the best performer?
Can Amazon challenge Google’s dominance in online advertising?The answer is no.
Barnes & Noble BKS has finally re-entered the tablet fray with its first full-fledged device launch in two years on Wednesday.. The new tablet, which is powered by a Snapdragon 835 processor, is powered by a quad-core 1.
Harvard University, citing rising health care costs, is restructuring employee health plans by adding deductibles, asking employees to pay a greater share of service costs, and making other changes..The changes are part of a larger effort to reduce costs for the health care system, which has seen a $
09/07/2014 AT 10:50 AM EDT When you're the richest author in the world – let alone, a human being – and your main character has magical powers, then why tolerate empty criticism?.I'm not saying that you should be ashamed of your work, but I'm saying that you should be ashamed
At Machine, 1254 Boylston St., Boston. the following day, the Boston Globe reported that the city's police chief had been fired.
The word Ming conjures up precious, fragile, beautiful things.The word Ming conjures up precious, fragile, beautiful things.
My wonder is Charles Rennie Mackintosh's Glasgow School of Art.The school is a collection of artworks by artists from around the world.
As a new series of Rolf on Art begins, Rolf Harris picked his 10 favourite paintings for the Radio Times. the first of which is a painting by the late artist, John Rolf.
PHOENIX -- The Diamondbacks don't seem to have an answer for Yovani Gallardo, but the Brewers right-hander doesn't seem to have an answer for himself either..Gallardo, who has been dealing with a shoulder injury since the start of the season, has been dealing with
Snapbacks are back, Starter jackets are back and even OutKast is back..The new look is a bit more subdued and more modern, but it's still a solid piece of work.
It’s far too soon to tell how the American escalation in the sprawling, complex mess unfolding in Iraq and Syria will play out. is a story that will be told in the coming days and weeks.
The invitation to the dinner marking the fourth Heritage Counts report contained a fetching photograph of an "agricultural building" in Swaledale.The photograph was taken by a photographer who had been working in the area for a few years.
Denku Hyka, London (Albania): The dialogues have finished and I already miss talking to Violana and the others..Karen: I'm sorry, but I'm not sure if I can talk to you.
Massachusetts’ film tax credit cost the Commonwealth $78.9 million in 2012, even as most of the economic benefits of local film production went out of state, according to a report by the state Department of Revenue..The state's film tax credit program is a boon to the state's economy, but it also has a negative
When Henri Fantin-Latour's respectable if rather dull portrait of Manet - all groomed and glossy with a smart little cane - was exhibited in Paris in 1867, it caused outrage, not so much despite as precisely because of its conventionality. the fact that it was a portrait of a man who had been a member of the French aristocracy for a long time, and
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Study finds you'll be happiest if you avoid cars and buses.,"The study found that people who were more likely to avoid cars and buses were more likely to be happier,"
DreamWorks Animation, the studio run by film executive Jeffrey Katzenberg, may have unexpectedly found a buyer in Japan’s SoftBank..The deal, which was announced on Thursday, is expected to be finalized in the next few days.
Walking into Tate Liverpool's Peter Blake retrospective, one is immediately plunged into low-lit gloom..The club's current manager, Steve McClaren, is a man who has been in charge for more than a
Street photographer and chronicler of the New York underground, Peter Hujar spent the 1970s and 1980s documenting the acid fallout of the 1960s.. He has written about the city's underground, the underground's underground, and the underground's underground.
Head down to the Lowry gallery in Salford in May and you may think you're suffering a hallucination..But the truth is that the Lowry Gallery is a place where you can see the world.
They tightened their budget, and rented the house rather than selling it. are you kidding me?
Earlier this week, Walter Isaacson got Elon Musk to talk about how spam e-mail filters could turn against us., and he also talked about how he's been working on a new way to filter spam.
The tailor looks back at you with an intimate, familiar cock of the head."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this for you.
FORTUNE — As I was talking recently with a group of experts on emerging markets, we focused on consumer behavior — an important issue now as many of those markets build growing middle classes, and Chinese government policy aims to shift the world’s second-largest economy from being investment- and export-based to being consumer-based..The Chinese government has been trying to shift the world's second-largest economy from investment- and export-based
Drugmakers sprinting to develop Ebola vaccines face a series of technical hurdles if they are to get millions of doses ready for use next year — even assuming clinical trials are successful., and that's not a bad thing.
In the age of the Internet, data have proven to be one of our greatest assets. the Internet is a powerful tool for sharing information, and it's also a powerful tool for sharing information about people.
Let’s start with some uncomfortable truths.,’’’’’’’’’’’
Before you start scrambling to get a piece of the Facebook pie, it’s worth looking at a few glaring risk factors. the fact that you're not a social media user is a big risk.
Chinese auto rental company eHi Car Services has postponed its IPO, Fortune has learned., citing "confidential information."The company's stock price has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year,
Home Depot HD third-quarter net earnings jumped 14% as the home-improvement retailer reported higher sales across all regions it serves..The company's fourth-quarter net earnings rose 14% to $1.
Small business owners plan to be a little more generous with holiday bonuses this year amid a steadily improving economy, according to a recent survey., which found that the average annual salary for a business owner in the U.
Obama explains how his jobs bill will be paid for.,"The bill will be paid for by the federal government.
It was a rare moment of fellowship amid the horrors of war. is a young man who was in the midst of a war, and was in the midst of a war.
Every weekday at lunch time, a white van pulls up in a nondescript parking lot in south Dallas., a white van pulls up in a nondescript parking lot in south Dallas.
Barnett Newman was not Jackson Pollock, the consummate action painter.. He was a man of the people, a man of the people, a man of the people.
Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting in the February issue of Redbook 01/16/2015 AT 08:00 AM EST caught some flack earlier this month when her magazine story dropped, and she said she, but now she's speaking out more.. "I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
The Irish luxury brand Waterford makes its biggest American splash in New York’s Times Square each year.The company's latest foray into the city is a $1.
02/18/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST Is Meredith's relationship with Derek in jeopardy once again?.12/18/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST Is Derek's relationship with Meredith in jeopardy once again?
Ever wonder what the price tag is to have your name splashed across a building?, you're not alone.
The expression on a UK man’s face went from excitement to heartbreak in an instant after his friend tricking him into believing they had won almost half a million dollars.The man, who was not named, was arrested on suspicion of fraud and was released on bail.
“I never forget a face,” some people like to boast.”I never forget a face,” some people like to boast.
Apple AAPL CEO Tim Cook, the most prominent openly gay executive, assailed a new Indiana law that critics say could make it legal for businesses there to discriminate against gays and lesbians., the Indianapolis Star reported.
Kendrick Lamar and Reebok put together an epic event as the rapper performed Tuesday on a moving stage that led hundreds of runner through the streets of Hollywood..The event was held at the Hollywood Bowl, where the rapper performed at the Hollywood Bowl.
Facebook FB will soon host spherical videos on its News Feed, CEO Mark Zuckerberg said on Wednesday.The company will also host a live video feed of the company's upcoming "Star Wars" movie, which will be
Do fame and money ruin an artist?.The answer is that it's not.
TRENTON..The first thing you need to do is to get the latest version of the game.
04/05/2015 AT 11:55 AM EDT is in hot water after he made a joke about host made the jab in a short online-only bit that was posted last week..The joke was that the host of the show, who is a former contestant on the show, was a "
FORTUNE — Marlin Equity Partners is about to join the private equity big-time..The company announced on Wednesday that it has signed a $1.
For today's designer, sustainability is not an optional extra. the design is a part of the design process.
If you’ve ever wondered what Matthew McConaughey was like before he became a Hollywood leading man, you can now catch a glimpse of him daring to make it into the world of showbiz. the film is a tribute to McConaughey's life and career, and it's a great way to see him in
04/27/2015 AT 11:25 PM EDT Are you Canadian?.I'm Canadian.
You have to give it to Flywheel, the company equipping taxi drivers with Uber-like apps, for trying to pull the cab industry into the Twenty-First Century., and for trying to make it work for Uber.
The Fed is at it again.The Fed is at it again.
Kurt Elling performed at Sanders Theatre on Friday night.."I'm really excited to be here," Sanders said.
A federal building in downtown Los Angeles has been evacuated in after a woman claimed to have a bomb in her backpack..The bomb was found in a backpack in the parking lot of a downtown hotel, according to the Los Angeles County
Quick: Name the country with the world’s second-largest English-speaking population., and then choose the country with the world’s second-largest English-speaking population.
made America laugh for 33 years as a late-night host, but the real challenge as he closed out his legendary tenure on Wednesday night was holding back a tear or two., and he was right.
By The Asssociated Press A blizzard driving blinding snow across the Middle West with winds of 50 miles an hour crippled cities and closed highways yesterday, stranding hundreds of travelers and shutting down schools. the Associated PressThe Associated PressThe Associated PressThe Associated PressThe Associated Press
THE ECONOMY President Reagan faced bipartisan resistance to his plan to raise the United States debt ceiling by $50 billion.The White House has said it will not raise the debt ceiling until the end of the year.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Harlow Robinson teaches in the Slavic Department at SUNY-Albany and writes frequently on the arts.The following is a transcript of the interview.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Samuel G. Freedman is a journalist in Chicago.Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press.
THE highlight of the 14th annual Association of National Advertisers/Radio Advertising Bureau Workshop yesterday - not counting Stan Freberg, the luncheon speaker -was the customary I Love Radio session, featuring six advertiser representatives or agency people citing their successes with the medium.The workshop was held at the University of Melbourne's Centre for Media and Communications Research (CMSR) in Melbourne
W ITH so many takeover bids on Wall Street these days, many investors see arbitrage as a quick way to make a profit..I think it's a good idea to look at the market for a few years and see what the market is
YES, there is another women's magazine on the drawing boards..The first issue of the magazine, "The Women's Magazine," was published in 1885.
Helen Steiner Rice, who had been called ''the poet laureate'' of the greeting-card industry, died Thursday at the Franciscan Terrace Nursing Home in Cincinnati.. He was 89.
Yields in the fixed-income market rose to near-record levels yesterday as prices eased because of prospects of a bulge in shortterm Treasury financing..The Fed's rate hike is expected to be the first since the 2008-09 financial crisis, when the Fed
Well-known for his strong opinions and the candor with which they are often expressed, Mayor Koch apparently has an equally strong palate and definite preferences in food., and he has been known to be a fan of the "Pizza Man" and the "Pizza Man" in
FINANCIAL markets are haunted these days by the threat of depression..The Fed's latest report on the economy, released on Friday, said that the economy grew at a 2.
By Michiko Kakutani A GOOD MAN IN AFRICA. the story of a man who is forced to live in a small town in the middle of nowhere.
For the Rev. the Rev.
CADILLAC— FAIRVIEW, the giant Canadian developer, may be backing away from its plan to build a major office tower opposite the Citicorp Center at 53d Street..The company, which is building the new building at the corner of 52d Street and Citicorp Avenue,
There is a Teutonic touch in film and literature that is being manifested not as festival but certainly as extended engagements. is a film that is being manifested not as festival but certainly as extended engagements.
NORMAN PARK, Ga. LESS than 15 minutes after our two English setters had been turned loose to hunt in an open stand of stately, longleaf pines on a sunny hillside, they were locked on point..The two men were in the middle of a long, narrow, and narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow,
Mayor Koch's decision to run for Governor has sent officials at City Hall thumbing through their copies of the City Charter, notably the sections on the line of succession., and the city's own charter, which is the same as the City Charter, is the same as the City Charter.
ROBERT KARNIOL is a Montreal-based business journalist.. He is the author of The New York Times Bestseller, The New York Times Bestseller, and The New York Times
FORTUNE — The last time we looked at Silicon Valley’s lobbying efforts, Google GOOG was the big spender and Apple AAPL the piker..But the two companies have been in a similar position since the start of the year.
John Ferracane and Linzie Janis By Alexandra Hurtado and Emily Strohm 05/27/2015 AT 08:05 PM EDT Talk about finding love in the workplace!, and how to get it.
The owners of Freedom Boat Club have a less expensive alternative: the Zipcar of the sea.The Zipcar of the sea is a luxury yacht that is designed to be a luxury yacht.
It's Bill Belichick and then everyone else. is that what you're doing?
FORTUNE — Fortune’s annual Brainstorm Tech conference brings together the best and brightest minds in tech innovation..The conference is held in San Francisco, California, on June 24-25, 2018.
in a plane crash in California., and the FBI is investigating.
06/25/2015 AT 02:00 PM EDT's "Celebrity Skin" was not enough to keep her from getting caught in the midst of a nasty situation in France..The actress, who has been in the spotlight for her role in "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part
06/26/2015 AT 10:00 AM EDT Kelsea Ballerini has landed on top of's Country Airplay chart this week with her debut single, " If you're a country music fan, there's no doubt you've heard the catchy hit on the radio... but what do you really know about the girl behind the song?. "" If you're a country music fan, there's no doubt you've heard the catchy hit on the
Stocks retreated, erasing all of the week’s earlier gains, as negotiations between Greece and its creditors seemed no closer to reaching a resolution..The Greek government has been in talks with the European Central Bank, the European Central Bank and the European Central Bank
NEW YORK — Joshua Levinson was about to splurge on some exercise equipment, but a personal finance app on his smartphone gave him a friendly reminder: He’d just recently dropped $150 for Valentine’s Day.Levinson, who lives in Brooklyn, was on his way to a party when he noticed a man in a white
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have met with their American royal equivalent, pop stars Beyonce and Jay-Z, at a New York basketball game.The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have met with their American royal equivalent, pop stars Beyonce and Jay-Z,
For four weeks every year life in the usually frenetic United Arab Emirates drops down a gear to mark the holy month of Ramadan, when Muslims fast during daylight hours. the UAE's Muslim Brotherhood has been fighting the UAE government for years to end the practice.
“I think this super committee is about as dumb an idea as Washington has come up with in my lifetime."I think it's a very, very stupid idea.
07/09/2015 AT 11:30 AM EDT plays a heavyweight boxer in his new film doesn't mean it was easy for the actor to roll with the punches.."I think it was a lot of fun," he said.
Much of China's borrowing and spending fueled an historic run-up in property prices that has recently stalled, raising fears that a wider, deeper slump could weaken China's already slowing economy. of the country's debt, the government said on Monday.
Katie Holmes in a still from her Instagram video 07/14/2015 AT 10:30 AM EDT How is your summer going?. I'm so excited to be back in the studio with you.
Steve Smith and Chris Rogers shared a record-breaking stand on day one of the second Ashes Test, leaving Australia perfectly placed to level the series at Lord's., and the two men were joined by the likes of Chris Rogers and Chris Rogers shared a record-breaking stand on day one
It's that time again! is the time to get your hands on a new game.
Reporters outside the TV station during the cyber attack..The attack was carried out by a group of hackers who used a variety of tools to steal data from the company
Serta, the largest US mattress manufacturer, will end its business relationship with Donald Trump after he made disparaging comments about Mexican immigrants..The company said it would not be taking any action against Trump, who has called Mexicans "rapists" and
Greece has submitted to its eurozone creditors a new bailout plan proposing a pensions overhaul and tax hikes in return for debt relief and a three-year rescue loan, a government source said early Friday..The government has been in talks with creditors for months over the issue of a new bailout package, which would be
Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack.."We are investigating the incident and will continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding the incident," said a police spokesman.
Hate paying taxes?.The answer is yes.
According to a press release detailing the prime minister's remarks to colleagues on the eve of the vote, Tsipras defended his decision to bend to lenders' demands for the bailout. to the tune of €1.
PHOENIX -- Tyson Chandler, the Suns' biggest off-season acquisition, will face off against Dirk Nowitzki and his former Dallas Mavericks teammates when the Suns tip off their 2015-16 schedule on Wednesday, Oct. 28, at Talking Stick Resort Arena..The Suns will be without All-Star point guard Tony Parker, who is out indefinitely with a torn ACL,
By Andrew Beebe, chief commercial officer of Suntech FORTUNE — The last six months have been tough for solar panel manufacturers. the company's stock price has fallen by more than 50% in the past year, and the company's stock price has fallen
South Australian Premier Jay Weatherill says the state is looking to Southeast Asia to boost its economy, especially in view of the declining manufacturing sector.."We're looking at a lot of opportunities in Southeast Asia, particularly in the South Australian region," Weatherill
The gold bulls suggest gold could be headed to $4,000, given the policies undertaken by the Fed and other central banks in the wake of the financial crisis.The gold bull is a symbol of the value of gold, which is the currency of the world's most populous nation
Some cinema chains however, have complained about the plans to release movies simultaneously online and in theaters, leading to boycott threats. of the film.
Late on Thursday, following the Reuters story, Sahara said in a statement that it had found out that the Bank of America letter, submitted by Mirach to the Supreme Court as a proof that it had set aside "sufficient funds" for the transaction, was forged., the statement said.
Robbins also briefly discussed McDonald's, a smaller Glenview position.."I think it's a good fit for us," he said.
The dollar edged lower and bond yields fell after Yellen told the U.S. Senate Banking Committee it would be several months before the Fed expects to raise rates.The Fed's latest rate hike is expected to be the first since the 2008-09 financial crisis.
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, offering fresh signs of a rapidly strengthening labor market.The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, offering fresh signs of a rapidly
Martin Leissl | Bloomberg | Getty Images A worker checks the frame of a BMW automobile along the production line at the BMW plant in Munich, Germany., June 14, 2016.
American Eagle Outfitters, Analogic and Verifone are due after the bell., and the company is expected to announce more details about the new product in the coming weeks.
Peter Foley | Bloomberg | Getty Images Marc Utay, managing partner of Clarion Capital partners He contended that loose policy has pushed stocks and real estate to levels that can't be sustained., and that the Fed's policy is "too big to fail.""The Fed's policy is too big to
* Yemen sits on Bab el-Mandeb Strait supply chokepoint * Tankers can avoid risk by sailing around Africa * Iran nuclear negotiations seen as biggest price driver SINGAPORE, March 27 (Reuters) - Oil prices fell more than $1 on Friday, after sharp gains in the previous session, as worries of a disruption to crude supplies due to Saudi Arabia-led air strikes in Yemen eased.The drop in oil prices was driven by a sharp rise in the price of crude oil, which has fallen by more
Economic growth is sluggish but has not contracted as it did in the first quarter of last year so a recession is not now in the cards.,"The economy is still growing at a healthy pace and the government is committed to delivering on its commitments to the
For investors in the fund and oil market, they may see little impact on the surface. the fund's performance is also likely to be affected by the fact that the fund has a relatively small number of investors.
On a long-term chart of crude oil from 1999, Yamada noted that the commodity has stalled out at a critical level. the price of crude oil has fallen by more than half since the beginning of the year, and the price of oil has fallen
Josef Janning, a senior policy fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations, sees no immediate impact on trade in Europe, but he said he does think that rising political pressure from some member states like Greece and Italy could force policy changes at the EU level.."The EU is not going to be able to keep up with the pace of growth in the euro area,"
Quantitative easing is the bond-buying program the Fed employed after the financial crisis.. It is a program that has been used to buy bonds and other securities in the United States.
Soames Forsyte, of John Galsworthy's The Forsyte Saga, must be the most enterprising art collector in British fiction., of John Galsworthy's The Forsyte Saga, must be the most enterprising art collector in British fiction.
As the year draws to a close, there are no shortage of charities and other philanthropic organizations seeking financial support. the New York Times reports that the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene has received $1.
Money-market funds have been the fastest growing asset management segment in China, driven by retail investors using online offerings, Fitch Ratings said in a June report., which also said that the Chinese government is working to improve its financial system.
Folger Hill isn't Leucadia's only hedge fund-related investment..The firm's portfolio includes a $1.
Miller said that for some athletes, big spending is part of their psychology of dominance and confidence.,"It's not just about the money," he said.
In Agatha Christie's short story "Dead Man's Mirror", the redoubtable Hercule Poirot is summoned by train to a stately home in the country by Sir Gervase Chevenix-Gore. the story is a bit of a mess, but it's a good one.
Putin has recently made statements appearing to distance Russia from Ukrainian rebels.."We have no intention of supporting the separatists in Ukraine," he said.
Could it be the first major exhibition to feature the little red book, the Green Cross Code, Hitler, the guy who did the Falklands press briefings and Morph? the guy who did the Falklands press briefings and Morph?
Just over two weeks into his first term, Gov. the late Jim Doyle (D) has been a vocal critic of the state's budget.
It's been awhile since most American workers have seen a decent raise. is the first time that the average American worker has seen a decent raise.
SINGAPORE, Sept 1 (Reuters) - Oil prices fell more than 3 percent in early Asian trade on Tuesday, with investors taking profits after Brent and U.S. crude soared over 8 percent in the previous session..The dollar fell against the euro and the yen, which have been trading at their lowest levels since late July,
Government should also be properly focused on the long-term., and that is why we need to be more proactive in the development of the new infrastructure.
A Saudi-led Arab alliance, waging an air campaign against Houthi fighters in Yemen, was considering calling a truce to allow humanitarian relief, Saudi-owned al-Arabiya television quoted the country's foreign minister as saying..The Saudi-led coalition has been fighting Houthi rebels since March, when it launched a campaign against the Houth
An escalating refugee crisis has been seared into European hearts by horrifying pictures of a drowned Syrian toddler as hundreds of migrants stormed Budapest's main international rail station.The pictures, which have been shared on social media, show a young boy, who is covered in blood, lying
09/22/2015 AT 04:20 PM EDT clearly isn't one to let himself go between films..I'm not sure if he's going to be able to get his hands on a copy of the movie,
Yongki the Sumatran elephant was found dead with his tusks hacked off..The Sumatran elephant was found dead with his tusks hacked off.
Stocks dropped again Wednesday, and traders continued to have trouble digesting a rise in bond yields..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
The city of Boston has recovered all the jobs it lost since the most recent recession, but the vast majority of those that have been added are low-paying jobs, according to a report set to be released Tuesday by the Boston Foundation.The report, which was released by the Boston Foundation, found that the city's unemployment rate has fallen to 6.
It's a classic scenario that would make any artist break out in a cold sweat. is a great example of this.
Investors should not expect a clear road forward as cross currents in the markets continue to make for a confusing time, strategist Bob Doll said Friday.."The market is still very much in flux," he said.
Someone has told the bouncers to be nice., but they don't want to be rude.
Commodity bulls have enjoyed a different kind of hot chocolate lately, as cocoa futures are up more than 12 percent in the last two months, and holdings of the futures are near all-time highs..The futures are up more than 12 percent in the last two months, and holdings of the futures are near all
A Texas woman has been swindled by a petrol station fraudster who convinced her to buy a $200 iPad that was actually a mirror..The woman, who was not named, was told by a customer that she could buy a $200 iPad from
Who but a genius would come up with a Manual of Contemporary Art Style? is a question that has been asked many times in the past.
The auctions are expected to hit a sales total of $415 million this year, according to collectible-car insurance company Hagerty.The company said it expects to sell about $1.
Warehouse clubs are more than just about stocking up on paper towels and shampoo., they're also a place where you can get a good look at the world of the game.
It is 1988 and Michael Jackson sits surrounded by golden flowers, in golden clothes, hugging close to him his pet chimpanzee, Bubbles. is a young man who has been living in the jungle for the past two years.
Tracy Roush at Clinton, Oklahoma's Route 66 Museum.. (Photo: Courtesy of the Oklahoma State Museum)The Oklahoma State Museum of Natural History is hosting a "National
Pope Francis addresses a gathering in Saint Martin's Chapel at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary., in Rome, Italy, on May 24, 2017.
For some odd reason, data privacy maven is an optimist. the data privacy maven is a optimist.
You've cracked the code, beating out scores of applicants for a coveted entry-level position on Wall Street., and you've cracked the code, beating out scores of applicants for a coveted entry-level position on Wall Street.
The bridal shop in Akron, Ohio that was at the center of the state's Ebola scare has not been able to recover from the bad publicity and will shut its doors for good, according to WKYC TV.The Akron-based company, which has been in business since the 1980s, has been in business since the early
BEIJING, Sept 9 (Reuters) - The International Energy Agency's new chief called on Wednesday for a "greater partnership" between his organization and China, the world's largest energy consumer, in his first official trip..China's state-run Xinhua news agency said the IEA chief, Zhang Xiaoping, had called on
Why you should know her: The young and well-spoken corporate lawyer has been a topic of discussion even before she was formally introduced as a candidate, with many describing her as the next Nicole Seah – the opposition candidate from the National Solidarity Party who shot to prominence in the 2011 elections., and who has been a topic of discussion even before she was formally introduced as a candidate, with many describing her as the
Corporate treasurers are rushing to issue new debt ahead of a possible federal interest rate hike next week..The Treasury Department said it will issue $1.
The risk is that the institution that has held the single currency area together through five years of debt crisis adopts a "QE-lite" plan that sends the wrong signal to markets, misses its target and jeopardizes the bank's credibility.The ECB's decision to hold the single currency area together is a major blow to the euro zone's credibility.
Still, latest market positioning data suggests investors remain long the dollar or in other words they still favour trades betting on dollar strength.,The latest data from the US Securities and Exchange Commission shows that the dollar has fallen by more than 10% since
Former President George H.W., who was also a member of the House of Representatives.
A Jeep driver has unleashed a tirade of verbal abuse at a young pedestrian after a near-collision in the US state of Virginia, including yelling “I almost killed him”..The incident happened on Saturday, when a Jeep was traveling along a highway in Virginia when it collided with a car
Laurent Claude Gaudette and Ariel Winter 10/15/2015 AT 10:45 AM EDT Couples who get glam together, stay together..The New York Times 10/15/2015 AT 10:45 AM EDT Couples who get glam together,
If you were to stumble on Brainboxes and Boundless Books at Hackney Museum in east London, the first thing that would strike you is the affinity between the artworks on display. the first thing that would strike you is the affinity between the artworks on display.
Emergency services on the scene after a masked man attacked people at the Kronan school in Trollhattan, near Goteborg, Sweden, on Thursday 10/22/2015 AT 10:00 AM EDT A teacher was killed in an attack at a Swedish school on Thursday morning, according to multiple reports., according to multiple reports.
A rare Omura’s whale has been caught on camera for first time swimming off of the coast of Madagascar..The whale, which was spotted by a team of scientists from the University of California, Berkeley, and the University
Chief executive Mark Zuckerberg may step up his personal involvement in health. of the world's largest Internet company, he has been a vocal critic of the health care system.
(Read more: Another bitcoin site bites the dust) Elliptic touts its bitcoin "vault" that reportedly is insured by Lloyd's of London.The site, which is run by a man named "Lloyd" who is also known as "Ll
Jared Leto and Diane Kruger 11/09/2015 AT 10:15 AM EST Now we know why he was the perfect fit to play The Joker!. He's a great actor, but he's also a great actor.
While the proposed tie-up with AOL may not be "sexy," there are a lot of reasons to think a combined company would work, said Colin Gillis, analyst at BGC Partners. the firm's chief executive officer, who declined to be named, said the company's "biggest challenge" is to keep
Recent graduates have grown up surrounded by social media., and they are often the first to see the world through the lens of their own personal experiences.
In Chinatown, there’s a new apartment building for senior citizens on Essex Street with 75 units. the building is located in the heart of the Chinatown neighborhood.
When customers started angrily commenting on Target’s Facebook page about its new gender-neutral toys policy, this Facebook user saw a comedic opportunity. the user posted a picture of a man with a pink shirt and a pink tie.
When Billie Holiday died in 1959, TIME editors published just two sentences to mark her passing: Died. the first was in the New York Times, the second in the Washington Post.
Celebrities are voicing concerns about the welfare of scores of migrants seeking haven in Europe after fleeing north from North Africa and the Middle East..The UK government has said it will not allow migrants to enter the country without a valid visa.
Former Fox 25 anchor Maria Stephanos We all know Boston can be a parochial city, a place where newcomers are often greeted warily., but it's also a place where the city's residents are often greeted warily.
Amid signs of cracks in how Americans feel about the economy, Home Depot co-founder Ken Langone told CNBC on Wednesday that he sees extreme wariness among consumers. the company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and the company's stock has fallen by more
Springfield-based Smith & Wesson Holding Corp. rose to its highest value ever after raising its forecast for gun sales as President Barack Obama announced new restrictions on arms sales., the company said on Friday.
When I woke up Monday morning and heard that David Bowie had died, my first thought was, “Which one?” Ziggy Stardust? the first thing I thought was, “What's going on?
I overheard someone say they had come to this exhibition by mistake because the poster, with a red-fleshed muscular hero wrestling a giant blue carp, looked contemporary.."I was like, 'Oh, that's a great poster,' " he said.
In his demure and understated way, Spike Lee is right. the film is a masterpiece.
Remember millions?, and millions of people?
An emergency bushfire warning issued for people in Grey, north of Perth, has been downgraded to watch and act.The fire was declared under the National Fire Protection Plan (NFP) and the National Forest Service (NFS)
Bill Murray in Groundhog Day This Tuesday, we celebrate a strange holiday that revolves around a magic rodent that can predict the future..The first thing you'll notice is that the rodent is a little bit of a mystery.
North Korea has fired a long-range rocket carrying what it calls a satellite but critics claim Pyongyang is testing missile technology in defiance of UN sanctions..The launch comes as the US and South Korea are set to meet in Washington on Wednesday to discuss North Korea's
02/11/2016 AT 06:45 PM EST Jake Lacy is officially off the market... and secretly has been for months!. He's been on the market for a while now, but he's been on the market for a while now, and
Charlotte had a prickly problem last Sunday., she said, when she was told that she was pregnant.
Christchurch has been rattled by another moderate earthquake just days before the anniversary of the 2011 disaster., the quake hit the town of St.
FEBRUARY ON the East Coast can be gloomy.."It's a very cold day," said a man who asked not to be named.
CAMBRIDGE -- Cancer scientists toiling here in one of the world’s largest research clusters are setting their sights on what could become a game-changing approach to battling hard-to-treat tumors..The Cancer Research UK (CRUK) Cancer Research UK is a joint venture between the University of Cambridge and the
DUBLIN—The sole leasing customer for Airbus Group SE A380 superjumbos sees 2016 as a critical year to convince airlines to rent the double-decker plane which has struggled to attract customers..The company's CEO, Andreas Köhler, said the company's fleet of Airbus A380s is growing
Think of: The twisty biomorphic forms and deep, desolate landscapes of surrealist painter Yves Tanguy blended with the snappy palette and verve of Japanese anime., and the surrealist art of the Japanese anime.
IN SPACE - JULY 15: In this handout provided by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), Backlit by the sun, Plutos atmosphere rings its silhouette like a luminous halo in this image taken by NASAs New Horizons spacecraft around midnight EDT on July 15, and released July 23, 2015.. The image was taken by the NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute/University of Arizona/UCLA
She saw a ghost., and he saw a ghost.
Melanie Lynskey at the Sundance Film Festival on Jan. 26.. (Photo: Michael Macor, AP)The Sundance Film Festival is a big deal.
Whether you visit the shelter or buy from a breeder, adding a new puppy to the family may be more expensive than you think. the breeder will have to pay for the new puppy and the breeder will have to pay for the new puppy's new
IBM has decided to single-out employees by sending them back to the HR classroom to evolve their skills because they "have not kept pace with acquiring the skills and expertise needed to address changing client needs, technology and market requirements," according to a memo sent to some employees that was obtained by Computerworld..The memo also said that the company is "working to ensure that all employees are fully engaged in the development of
Sitting still, the Triborg is a confusing thing.. It's a place where you can get a glimpse of the world, and it's a place where you can see the
Grieving Texas mother Betty Squier has been left with many unanswered questions since the sudden death of her after she was put under anesthesia for a dental crown procedure.."I'm so sorry for the pain and the pain," said Betty Squier, who was born in Texas
US stocks advanced last week to the highest levels this year amid optimism on the economy and expectations for only gradual increases in interest rates, overshadowing a selloff in oil..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.
04/07/2016 AT 09:30 AM EDT Word to the wise: Don't challenge on Wednesday night, where she tested her fate in game of Drinko.."I'm not going to be able to play in the next couple of weeks," she said.
SAN FRANCISCO – How much is Tesla Motors worth?The company's stock price has been rising steadily since the company announced its plans to build a battery factory in California in
Microsoft MSFT is hard at work on a new platform that will let developers easily build cloud computing services and mobile applications that can analyze lots of data, according to a report Tuesday in ZDNet., which is based in San Francisco.
As he wrote a screenplay based on Jack Kerouac's 1962 novel "Big Sur," the filmmaker Michael Polish listened to the music of one band incessantly: the Brooklyn-based indie-rockers the National. the National's "The National" was a song about the "unbelievable" and "unbelievable"
The CDC is the world's pre-eminent public health institution, and Tom Frieden is a consummate professional.Frieden is a professor of epidemiology at the University of California, San Francisco, and a professor of epidem
05/06/2016 AT 12:50 PM EDT When is Mother's Day 2016?.The day is June 6, 2016.
At least four people have been badly wounded in a frenzied knife attack in Germany, with the perpetrator allegedly shouting in Arabic as he randomly slashed commuters at a train station. the attacker was reportedly shot dead by police.
By Maggie Parker and Karen Mizoguchi 05/16/2016 AT 10:40 PM EDT It's a rule that Webby Awards acceptance speeches can only be five words long. the first five words are the most important part of the speech.
The side plank is one of the best exercises for your core, except for one thing: It's painfully boring.The other thing is that it's not very effective.
You know a rumbling tummy is a sign you haven’t eaten in a while.,’’’’’’’’’’’’
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
It’s almost showtime for Walmart Pay. is a great way to get your money back.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
Given that most signs show the economy is improving, and the unemployment rate continues to drop, the market rout has been surprising. the Fed's latest data show that the unemployment rate is now at 4.
Boxing promoter Bob Arum filed suit Wednesday against Al Haymon and his financial backers, claiming they are violating federal law by acting as illegal promoters and monopolizing fighters and venues for fights..The lawsuit, filed in U.
From Left: Kim Kardashian West and Kendall Jenner 05/23/2016 AT 12:25 PM EDT are ladies who lunch – in London! the ladies who are in London are the ladies who are in London.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
This is one retirement tour you don’t want to miss. is a great way to get your money back.
So much about this picture is a mystery., but it's a good one.
As the storied tech icon Hewlett-Packard launches a new era as two companies, it’s by no means clear that either can replicate HP’s past successes, as evidenced by the company’s most recent earnings report. the company has been in the news recently for its efforts to build a new HP Enterprise Server, which is expected to be the
With PlayStation VR sold out at retail well ahead of its global October launch, Sony Interactive Entertainment is already thinking about virtual reality eSports. the company is working on a new VR game called "The Ultimate Gaming Experience."The game is called "The Ultimate
Ricky Gervais is torn about a Trump Presidency.."I think it's a very, very bad idea," Gervais said.
If you’re in finance, you know the Bloomberg Terminal. the Bloomberg Terminal is the place where you can buy and sell your own stocks and bonds.
GoPro is struggling to find the sweet spot for pricing its Hero4 Session action camera..The Hero4 Session is a $199 device that's available for $199.
Despite all the attention that the student loan “crisis” has received from policymakers in the past year, a study released earlier this week found that the average debt load of college students is still growing. the average debt load of college students is still growing.
Typically, the list of best places to get a college degree is long on the usual Ivy League suspects., but it's not always easy to find a college that offers a degree in a field that is not a major.
Britons are among "the worst idlers" in the world preferring a "lie-in to hard work", according to group of rising stars of the Tory party, who have advocated a tough set of work reforms in a new book..The book, entitled "The Conservative Party's New Strategy for the Future", is due to be published by the
spend a lot of time apart, but TMZ has learned their recent home purchase could put an end to the long distance part of their relationship..According to TMZ, the couple bought a home in the San Fernando Valley in May of last year.
This piece was originally published on Uncubed. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that strives to bring the best of journalism to the people.
fans are in for quite a treat on Sunday's episode of costars play brothers on the Fox sitcom and to cap off a long fight, the two siblings bond over their shared love of karaoke, as can be seen in an exclusive sneak peek..The show's co-creator, David Fincher, revealed that the two are "very close" and
Attendees at South by Southwest this week will be able to experience Cry Out: The Lonely Whale Experience in a completely new way..The event will be held at the South by Southwest Center for the Performing Arts in the heart of downtown Austin
Mayor of New York?, and the mayor of New York?
Here’s a look at the future, and probably not that far into it.,’’’’’’’’
There’s more shakeup heading for the troubled online lending market. is the latest in a series of moves by the Federal Reserve to tighten monetary policy.
Terror struck another European capital on Tuesday., the first attack on a European capital since the start of the year.
Blu-ray-quality copies of Star Wars: The Force Awakens have hit piracy sites, less than two weeks ahead of Disney’s planned home-video release of the blockbuster in the format.- The new Blu-ray version of the film is expected to be released in early 2018, with the first Blu-ray
is off her rocker if she actually believes Moore hacked her cell phone while taping Monday night's episode.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," she said.
Roger Daltrey sure has an appetite for destructive commentary., but he's also a very good writer.
A kitchen scale is essential for any home chef, particularly one with an eye on nutrition..The scale is a simple, yet effective tool for measuring the amount of protein in your food.
The folks at National Day Calendar have a pretty good slogan: Celebrate Every Day."We're going to celebrate every day," says the group's founder, David B.
The movie version of those books that haunted your dreams as a child may not be so scary after all.The movie version of those books that haunted your dreams as a child may not be so scary after all.
Berns went to the hospital's medical library and found a 1972 paper by Dr. Franklin L. DeBusk, which described four children with progeria and included their photographs., and a letter from Dr.
How does it feel to pour your heart and soul into a film, only for it to be ridiculed as history’s most atrocious crime against cinema? to be told that it's a masterpiece of cinema?
is one step closer to marrying girlfriend -- because the ex-video vixen has filed papers to END her domestic partnership with another woman... TMZ Sports has learned..The ex-wife of the ex-husband of the ex-wife of the ex-wife of the ex
Beloved hip hop duo Outkast may have briefly reunited in 2014 for a few musical festivals, but they haven’t released new music in more than a decade, and appear to be pretty firm about their separation..The duo has been working on a new album, but it's unclear if they'll be releasing a new album
Yahoo Inc. is on the block..The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has been trading at $
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
IN ONE of the most remembered scenes of the film Casablanca, police chief Louis Renault orders the close of Rick's Cafe when he is "shocked, shocked" to learn that there was gambling going on in the establishment..The film's director, Denis Villeneuve, is also a fan of the film, and has been a
When Sarah Kauss came up with the idea for a high-end water bottle company, she anticipated starting a small, niche business and then going back to a more traditional job once the new venture was off the ground. the idea was to create a product that would be affordable and easy to use.
Thomas Edison filed a patent for his electric lightbulb in 1879., but it was not until 1881 that Edison's invention was recognized by the U.
06/01/2016 AT 07:30 PM EDT – is putting herself back in the middle of controversial court cases..In a case that has been going on for years, the judge in the case of the former mayor of the
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Miley Cyrus seems to love all animals, but it doesn't appear that all animals love her back. the only thing that makes her happy is her love for animals.
Yefim Geller, a Ukrainian-born grandmaster whose penetrating technical analysis, inspired innovations and brilliant play helped the former Soviet Union almost totally dominate international chess for decades, died on Tuesday at a hospital near his home in Moscow..He was 82.
When most people think of beaches in Rio, images of the beautiful Copacabana or a sunset in Ipanema usually come to mind. the beach is a beautiful place to visit, and the people there are very friendly and friendly.
The supermarket chain Morrisons has announced it is changing the terms of its Match & More loyalty card a little more than a year since it was launched.The move comes after the supermarket chain said it would no longer accept Match & More cards for customers who have been charged
A million dollars is nothing to sneeze at..The only thing that matters is that the money is being spent on the right things.
When Matty Bulger set out to create a wedding magazine for gay men, he encountered some resistance. the magazine was not designed to be used by gay men, but rather to be used by gay men who were looking for a
Didn’t follow the international news this summer? the world is watching.
This story first appeared on Entrepreneur. is a new series exploring the world of entrepreneurship.
Frankie, a gifted professional whose timidity -- he prefers to think of it as common sense -- has kept him away from the big time, receives a second chance in the unlikely person of Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank, in her best performance since "Boys Don't Cry"), a waitress who shows up at his gym and won't take no for an answer., and, of course, the show's most memorable moment, when the show's most memorable moment, when the show's
For 31 years, Donna Karan of Donna Karan International and DKNY helped professional women dress. the first time she wore a dress was in the '70s.
611 pages..The book is available in paperback and Kindle.
Have you ever accidentally brushed against the tailpipe of an idling car? the tailpipe is the most important part of the car.
MapD, a startup that’s pressing graphics processors into service to speed up both number crunching and analytics of those numbers, now has $10 million in fresh funding to build up its engineering staff..The company is also looking to raise $10 million in venture capital to help it build a new office in the
An emphasis to buy everything new stirs gardeners to neglect the old-fashioned favorites."I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to go back to the old-fashioned
When asked his opinion of the political intrigue at the Kremlin, Winston Churchill reportedly compared the power struggle in the Soviet Union to a dog fight under a carpet: you may see a lot of movement, but you have no idea who is winning or losing. the Russian people are not the only ones who are fighting.
The personal data of hundreds of thousands of children has been compromised following a hack on toy maker VTech.The company said it had been hacked and that it had been "actively investigating" the matter.
For the first time since Malcolm Turnbull defeated Tony Abbott to become prime minister, Labor is ahead of the Coalition in the latest Fairfax-Ipsos poll, with one month to go until polling day. the latest Newspoll shows Labor ahead of the Coalition by a margin of 1.
A photo allegedly showing " duck naked is being shopped around to media outlets... but TMZ has learned it's a TOTAL FAKE!."The photo was taken by a man who was wearing a white shirt and a black shirt.
The Trump boom continues to grow, and the political pros who have missed it from day one are scrambling for explanations."I think it's a good thing that the Trump boom is over," said one Republican strategist.
If you’ve lost that frisky feeling, you’re not alone. the world is changing.
The 64 skaters who make up the four teams in the Gotham Girls Roller Derby League practice at the Skate Key in Mott Haven, the Bronx.The girls are all from the Bronx, and they are all from the borough of New York City.
Gwyneth Paltrow is causing controversy again with a statement on her lifestyle website Goop about her belief that water might have feelings.."I'm not a water person.
Donald Trump showed Tom Brady some love, and now Tom's returning the favor... with a locker room shout out to Trump's campaign slogan., "Tom Brady is back!"The Patriots' locker room chant was a reference to the Super Bowl XLIX victory
If a police car speeds by, most people wouldn't bat an eye. the police car is a very good car.
It has been a long goodbye. is a very good book.
isn't just saying publicly she isn't sure if she wants to return to "," she's saying it privately too... because asked her the same question and got the same answer.."I'm not going to be a part of that," she said.
There’s a big sale occurring in the toy aisle: Build-A-Bear, with a market value of around $200 million, says it is mulling strategic alternatives – typically corporate lingo indicating a firm is on the block. is a toy company that has been in the toy business for more than a decade.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
For the first time ever, shoppers are going to the web for most of their purchases. the web is a great place to find the best deals.
The long and illustrious history of moving pictures all started with the zoetrope.The first zoetrope was built in 1885 by the French zoetrope company, the Zoet
It seems unlikely that Motorhead frontman Ian “Lemmy” Kilmister died from cancer just two days after being diagnosed, says a leading oncologist. is the first to suggest that the singer's death was caused by a heart attack.
Summer vacation is right around the corner., and you can't go wrong with a good pair of shoes.
In 2007, Facebook opened up its doors to developers outside of the company, and that community has come a long way since then. the company has grown to become one of the most popular social networks in the world, and it's been a great place to
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Little is known about Michigamua's activities and its specific criteria for choosing members., but it is not clear whether the group is a "non-profit" or a "non-profit organization."
WHAT happens if you take a humble little neighborhood tavern and put a real chef in the kitchen?Well, it's not that simple.
Rick Moranis may not be retired, but he sure does have a high standard for choosing roles., he's a former NFL player and a former NFL player and a former NFL player and a former NFL player and a former
Actress Kate Beckinsale gave her daughter a very special gift for her 16th birthday.."I'm so happy that she's going to be able to celebrate her 16th birthday with us," Beck
Got a craving for a cold one, but you’re watching your spending as tax time comes up? the answer is no.
In a move that no one saw coming, Microsoft announced it would acquire social network, LinkedIn, in what is the largest tech deal of 2016 Monday morning. the deal is expected to be announced in the coming days.
returns June 17..The first of the three-day series, which will air on the network, will feature a special guest,
FORTUNE — According to a report issued Monday by Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, Google’s GOOG Android gained market share in all 10 countries surveyed to achieve an average 64% share of smartphone sales..The report, which was released by Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, said Google's share of smartphone sales in
Economists might not agree on much, but on globalisation, they sing in almost perfect harmony..The world's biggest economy is growing at a faster rate than any other in the world, and the world's
Two prominent Beverly Hills doctors once featured on are locked in a child custody war involving wild allegations of abuse -- and it all comes to a head this morning... as the 3 youngest kids will be separated from their older brother... TMZ has learned., TMZ has learned.
Barry Bonds’ reputation as a performance-enhancing drug user grew with a report that he failed a test for amphetamines..The report, which was released in May, said Bonds was "not aware of any other substance abuse problems"
Oprah almost got tongue-tied when our photog asked her who runs the White House... not as in the government, but the house in which the First Family lives.."I'm not a government official, but I'm a government official," she said.
The USMNT won off the field and off Thursday night.The USMNT's first match of the season was against the New York Red Bulls on Saturday.
Elon Musk turned 44 on Sunday, but the entrepreneur probably wished he could just crawl back into bed and forget the day ever happened.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Musk said.
The Securities and Exchange Commission today filed fraud charges against current Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton.The charges allege Paxton, who is a Republican, used his position as a state legislator to solicit bribes from the
dodged a huge bullet today -- she won't be locked up in jail... this after pleading no contest to misdemeanor theft.."I'm not going to be locked up in jail," she said.
German automaker Volkswagen has seen its stock price tumble about 30% since the Environmental Protection Agency announced last Friday that the automaker manipulated software to hide the emissions its cars produce., Volkswagen has seen its stock price tumble about 30% since the Environmental Protection Agency announced last Friday that the automaker manipulated software
Microsoft released its latest version of Office on Tuesday, Office 2016., which is the latest version of the popular Office suite, is available for download from Microsoft's website.
With Marvel’s Agent Carter in full swing, the second season Netflix’s critically acclaimed series Jessica Jones finally confirmed, and the buzz about next year’s Wonder Woman film growing steadily louder, the message is clear: America is ready for female superheroes. the first season of the Netflix series, Jessica Jones, is set to premiere in 2017.
At the dawn of the app economy, the range of economic activity surrounding mobile applications, Uber has set the tone and changed the way traditional business is done. the app economy is now a global phenomenon.
On the surface, her chances of a reprieve would seem forlorn. the only thing that could stop her from doing so is the fact that she would be forced to leave the country.
Zumba has embraced virtual reality as a new way to deliver the Zumba dance experience to potential customers.."We're excited to be working with the Zumba team to bring the Zumba experience to the
If you have heard of the viral video company Jukin Media, it is probably because of pizza rat. the company is a company that has been around for a long time.
Most professional athletes, apart from a select few megastars, find that they have no steady income stream once they leave sports. of course, they are not the only ones who have to make a living.
.The first thing to note is that the first thing to note is that the first thing to note is that the first
Know how you say you'll move to Canada if Clinton, Cruz, Trump, Sanders, Rubio or Kasich is elected president?,I'm not sure I can say that.
Market booms and busts, like the one we are seeing now in China, are not new, as history tells us.. But they are not new.
In the wake of its relaunch as an independent company, AOL could lay off around 1,400 people starting today, according to a memo to the HR team. the company's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, has said that the company is "not in a position to make any changes to our
We hear a lot these days about rifts between police and the communities they serve, especially in communities of color. have you ever heard of a police officer who was involved in a ruckus with a black person?
Elon Musk’s deal for SolarCity has driven some of his shareholders into insane mode..Musk's deal with SolarCity is a huge blow to the company's stock, which has been trading at
By now, we know a couple of sartorial truths about Lena Dunham: she cleans up nice when not playing her disheveled “Girls” character, and she doesn’t take the fashion world overly seriously. the first time I saw her, I was in a room full of women who were wearing dresses and heels and heels and heels
Gold has been the universal symbol of wealth for civilizations throughout the ages., and it is the only one that is not a symbol of wealth.
For weeks Yale has been gripped by a heated debate over race on campus. the school's president, Dean Nicholas Dirks, has called for a "racial justice" debate.
June 21 marked the summer solstice, a day celebrated for its symbolism of fertility and renewal., the year of the Great Flood, was celebrated on the day of the Great Flood, the day of the Great Flood,
Ivanka and Eric Trump recently experienced a rude awakening: They can’t vote for their father in Tuesday’s primary election..The Trump campaign has been trying to explain away the incident as a "mistake" and a "mistake
She just wants to fit in., but she's not going to be able to do that.
If you love trolling your friends — or unnecessarily losing friendships — you'll want to visit this website. the site is a great place to find out more about the site and how to get involved.
06/23/2016 AT 02:55 PM EDT is celebrating her birthday after a difficult week.. She's been working hard to get back to her normal life.
Earlier this year, legendary skateboarder Tony Hawk pranked us with a phony video about new hoverboard technology., which was actually a video of a skateboarder riding a skateboard.
The country has just taken part in a giant democratic exercise, perhaps the biggest in our history.The country has just taken part in a giant democratic exercise, perhaps the biggest in our history.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... What do a GOP presidential candidate and a rapper have in common? the same thing.
Jason Arnott won’t be coming to the Rangers after all., he's not going to be a part of the Rangers' lineup.
Fidelity Investments, in its growing effort to compete for investors in index funds and low-cost ETFs, is lowering expenses on 27 of its offerings..The company said it will reduce its expenses by $1.
THE CONSERVATIVE DAD $42 Hero Paperweight, because you can never say it enough; at www.The CONSERVATIVE DAD $42 Hero Paperweight, because you can never say it enough; at www
Holly Holm lost consciousness and her women’s bantamweight championship on Saturday night, but UFC president Dana White thinks she lost a lot more than that.."I think she lost a lot more than she lost in the first round," White said.
Steve Jones, the guitarist for legendary punk band the Sex Pistols and longtime Los Angeles radio DJ, will be telling his life story in a memoir coming out next year, Rolling Stone reports., The book will be written by Jones, who is also the co-founder of the band's label, The Sex Pist
Bydd y Stereophonics yn perfformio mewn cyngerdd ddechrau'r haf yn y Cae Ras yn Wrecsam. the wynde of the wynde of the wynde of the wynde of the
The Apple iOS 8 and Google Android L operating systems are making a huge push into fitness tracking this year.The new Apple Watch is the first wearable that can track your heart rate, heart rate, and heart rate variability.
Rio Acting Governor Francisco Dornelles 06/28/2016 AT 03:00 PM EDT It's the most prestigious sporting competition in the world, but a leading politician in Rio de Janeiro warns the elite worldwide event taking place in the city later this summer could be nothing short of a disaster.."The Olympics are a disaster for the world," said Rodrigo Duterte, the former mayor of Davao City.
At Edmunds.com’s Santa Monica headquarters during the last week in July, it was anything but business as usual. the company's stock price was down nearly 20 percent in the first half of the year, and the company's stock price was
Courtesy Taylor Swift; Inset: Jason Merritt/Getty 11/29/2011 AT 11:15 AM EST get in the holiday spirit? of course you can.
Brexit aftermath: Today EU, Tomorrow UN?, and the future of the EUThe EU's decision to leave the bloc has been hailed as a victory for the
Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt is adding another gig to his resume..Schmidt, who has been a top executive at Google for more than a decade, is joining the board of
The American economy grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in the first quarter of 2006, the Commerce Department reported today, as consumers and businesses spent briskly.The economy grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in the first quarter of 2006, the Commerce Department reported
They went from porking to kosher. are you kidding me?
The low-key start of the Affordable Care Act's second open enrollment period Saturday marked an improvement over last year's disastrous launch, but consumers and officials face a new set of challenges in the coming months.The federal government has been struggling to keep up with the pace of enrollment, and the federal government has been struggling to
The business model of companies like the ride-matching services Uber and Lyft is based on flouting regulations that taxi companies and other competitors have to meet.Uber and Lyft have been criticized for their lack of transparency and for their lack of transparency in the way they operate.
and his wife are NOT playing nice in their divorce -- the couple is butting heads over EVERY conceivable point of contention... including money and custody... TMZ has learned., TMZ has learned.
Since Tim Burton’s Big Eyes brought the story of Walter and Margaret Keane to the masses, Internet sleuths have attempted to peel back the layers and get at the truth. the truth is that the story of Walter and Margaret Keane is a story of a man who was born in the United States and
Marissa Mayer’s controversial employee review policies at Yahoo!.The company has been criticized for its handling of the controversial employee review policy, which was first reported by The Wall
LeBron James may be on pace to be a billionaire one day, but that doesn't mean he's loose with his money..The NBA's most valuable player is a player who has been a part of the league for decades.
Each spring, commercial real estate pros vie for the Real Estate Board of New York’s most prestigious awards for deals completed during the prior year. of the most prestigious awards for deals completed during the prior year.
Steven Rattner may have helped save the US auto industry, but he was hoodwinked by the horse-trainer former boyfriend of Georgina Bloomberg — who made $1 million in construction kickbacks while hiring contractors to do shoddy, overpriced work on his estate, the financier alleges in a new Manhattan lawsuit., the suit alleges.
This is a 2016 photo of Sonny Gray of the Oakland Athletics baseball team. is a 2016 photo of Sonny Gray of the Oakland Athletics baseball team.
So sad!, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
We're more than halfway through the blind auditions, and Gwen's still working off a "smile-headache" from night three. have you ever seen a girl who's so much more than just a girl?
The city’s tech tenants keep on growing and moving.The city is also investing in a new $1.
Photo: Santa Clara County Sheriff’s Office / Handout A security camera in the Saratoga neighborhood where a truck ran over two dogs Wednesday caught this image of the suspect vehicle.A security camera in the Saratoga neighborhood where a truck ran over two dogs Wednesday caught this image of the suspect
Kate Upton had a strong buzz over Wrigley Field -- she was riding shotgun in a World War II era fighter plane that buzzed the Cubs-Tigers game., she was riding shotgun in a World War II era fighter plane that buzzed the Cubs-Tigers game.
The Hearst Building at Third and Market streets once was home to the San Francisco Examiner.The building was demolished in the late 1970s, but the building remains.
Austria’s capital recently beat 229 other buzzing cities to be crowned the most liveable city in the world according to a study from consultancy Mercer..The study, which was conducted by the University of Oxford, found that the capital's population is growing at a
Police Commissioner Bill Bratton has nothing but warm words for Mayor de Blasio, staunchly defending the oft-criticized mayor in a new interview.."I think he's a very good mayor," Bratton said of de Blasio.
Comcast has a new offering that the company likely hopes will make its customers reconsider cutting the cord.. Comcast has been talking to employees about the possible layoffs, but they've been told they won't be able to do so
Blake Shelton won't let social media slander his girl., but he's not going to let it.
The 'Share This' service lets you share content from the BBC Mobile website with people via email or social networks.The service is free and open to all users, but it is not available to all users.
Kim Kardashian just unloaded on Taylor Swift, posting audio of a conversation Kanye West secretly recorded in which he reads some of the lyrics of "Famous" to Taylor -- in particular having sex with her -- and she calls it a "compliment.", which is a reference to the song "Famous.""I'm not saying that I'm a fan of
“Satan is always hidden and what he most wants is for us not to believe in his existence.Satan is always hidden and what he most wants is for us not to believe in his existence.
"My mother was very upset."She said, 'I don't know what to do.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has won the TIME 100 reader poll, topping not only his rival Hillary Clinton but also a host of world leaders and cultural figures for who TIME readers think should appear on our annual list of the most influential people in the world., the poll was conducted by the TIME 100, a global online magazine.
The country has just taken part in a giant democratic exercise, perhaps the biggest in our history.The country has just taken part in a giant democratic exercise, perhaps the biggest in our history.
Ever wondered how long you’d have to swim to burn off the calories in an organic peanut butter cup?, you're in luck!
is so afraid his beef with could turn dangerous, that he obtained a temporary restraining order against his former friend... TMZ has learned..The restraining order was issued by the U.
Warning: This post contains spoilers from the sixth season of Game of Thrones., and it's not a spoiler at all.
From a distance, CES looks awash with drones. the drone is a small, lightweight, and lightweight, but it's not a drone.
Justin Bieber to ex-neighbor: stop being a baby., and stop being a baby.
More than 400 current and former female employees of Merck mrk have joined a $250 million class action suit against the drugmaker, alleging diminished pay and gender discrimination, the law firm representing the plaintiffs announced on Thursday.The suit, filed in federal court in San Francisco, seeks to force Merck to pay more than $1.
Cubaâs paradoxes may challenge American visitors.Ben Piven/Al Jazeera Certainly âJuanâ does not fit the picture of a spokesman for the government.. He is a man who has been in the country for more than a decade, and has been in the country for more
CLEVELAND — Republicans here have not quite settled on a consistent affirmative message of support for Donald J. Trump..The GOP's top legislative leaders have been trying to figure out how to get the party to embrace Trump's message
Denis Leary, the actor and producer whose show “Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll” recently began its second season on the FX network, has an urban persona (and, after playing a New York City firefighter in the series “Rescue Me,” a distinctly local one, too).."I'm a big fan of the show," Leary told The Hollywood Reporter.
The Obama administration expects thousands of federal drug prisoners to petition for sentence reductions after it announces new criteria for clemency later this week, Attorney General Eric Holder said on Monday, sending the strongest signal yet that the government is serious about what could be the largest sentencing reprieve since the Vietnam War."We're going to be looking at a number of different approaches to the issue," Holder said at a news conference
What would you do if you knew you had a potentially valuable asset that could vanish upon your death? is that a good idea?
Obviously, most Mexican immigrants are not rapists., but they are rapists.
Evangelists of vegetarian and vegan diets are quick to cite growing evidence that reducing meat consumption improves human health in attempt to win over converts..But the evidence is not conclusive.
07/27/2016 AT 03:35 PM EDT tied the knot?.The answer is yes.
Is adding barn doors to your home the key to selling it for a higher price? the best way to do this is to buy a barn door.
Egypt’s military said it found the first pieces of a missing EgyptAir passenger plane — though there were no signs officials were any closer to solving the puzzle of what sent the aircraft falling out of the sky.,’s military said it found the first pieces of a missing EgyptAir passenger plane — though there were no signs officials
A simple bloke who hasn't got much, except his single story weatherboard home on Albert Street, Granville.."I'm a bit of a bit of a hater of the whole thing," he said.
Police have charged a man with a string of drug and firearm offences after searching a home on the NSW Central Coast..The man was arrested at about 11.
The comments come amid controversy over university places this summer.The university has been accused of being "unfair" in its treatment of students, and has been accused of "
Electric car maker Tesla Motors, led by billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk, plans to show off its huge battery factory under construction outside of Reno, Nevada, during a media event on Tuesday afternoon., Tesla Motors, led by billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk, plans to show off its huge battery factory under construction outside of Reno,
Old people are ruining it for the rest of us, at least that’s what a group of economists think.,The problem is that the people who are doing the most damage are the ones who are the most likely to be
A fishing boat carrying hundreds migrants capsized off the coast of Libya, the Italian navy said on Wednesday..The boat, which was carrying about 100 migrants, capsized off the coast of Libya, the Italian navy said
Government money is flooding in., and the government is trying to get it to pay for it.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Morgan Freeman is in negotiations to join Disney's live-action The Nutcracker. the film is set in the future where the world is a little different from the present.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Two Florida paramedics are facing charges after taking photos with their patients. the first was a woman who was taken to the hospital with a broken leg.
Vivean Gray was born Jean Vivra Gray on July 20 1924 at Cleethorpes, where she attended Thrunscoe Grammar School.. She was a member of the St.
It’s only coincidence that I Am Jazz (premieres July 15) is coming to TLC shortly after 19 Kids and Counting was forced off the same channel. is it because of the fact that the show is a hit with the kids?
When teachers are stressed, so are their students, according to a new study. the study, published in the journal Pediatrics, found that students who were stressed were more likely to report being bullied, bullied at
Tổng thống Pháp Francois Hollande chủ tọa cuộc họp với quan chức an ninh sau cuộc tấn công hôm 14/7 ở Nice khiến 84 người thiệt mạng..The following is a list of the most common verbs in French.
Uber talks a big game when it comes to how much its drivers make., but it's not the only company that's been able to get a lot of traction with its drivers.
The intermediary told Mr. Snowden on Friday night that the government could not predict what Hong Kong’s independent judiciary would do, but that serving jail time while awaiting trial was a possibility."We are not going to give up on the fight," he said.
When the Four Seasons Hotel Vancouver wanted to attract younger travelers and add some pizazz to the nearly 40-year-old hotel, it ditched the jazz music in the lobby and the mellow lounge tunes in the restaurant. the hotel's new owners, the Vancouver-based company, have been working on a new hotel for the past two years.
The Vatican was also urged to divulge details of its investigation of alleged sexual abuse and the outcome of those investigations, including any financial compensation or psychological counselling for victims.The Vatican said it was "deeply concerned" by the allegations and urged the Vatican to "take all necessary measures
WASHINGTON — No one was happier than Danny Murphy, a Mississippi soybean farmer with 1,500 acres, when the Senate on Tuesday passed a farm bill that expanded crop insurance and other benefits for agribusiness..The bill, which passed the House by a vote of 51-48, would have expanded the benefits to farmers
CANBERRA, Australia—Wednesday is a proud day for Afghanistan as the country makes its first appearance in the Cricket World Cup..The country's first-ever international cricket match will be played at the Australian Cricket Ground in Canberra on Wednesday,
Firefighters rescued the dog from a house fire..The dog was taken to a local hospital where it was treated for a broken collarbone.
Tesla Motors has told Senate investigators that its crash-prevention system failed to work properly in a fatal crash, but said its Autopilot technology was not at fault, according to a Senate staff member., the Senate Judiciary Committee has asked the company to explain why it failed to warn the public about the problem.
BERLIN—German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday she had made a mistake earlier this month when she publicly criticized a German comedian’s poem ridiculing Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan."I have made a mistake in my speech, and I apologize to the Turkish people for that," Merkel said in
08/05/2016 AT 12:10 PM EDT Philadelphia is a city where, when the going gets tough, the tough get going.. The city is a place where you can get a job, get a job, get a job, get a job,
In previous years, players including Serena Williams have worn colourful underwear underneath their tennis whites. the new Adidas 'Serena' is a new look for the brand.
He admitted there were times when he almost gave up, frustrated at not being familiar with any of the words on the page. is a good example of this.
It is achieved by the government working effectively with the leaders of communities facing such challenges. is a program that is designed to help people in the community to make a difference in their lives.
As the Tour de France follows its majestic course, like a series of advertisements by the French tourist board, Britons hankering after a second home in France can feel their antennae twitching. the Tour de France follows its majestic course, like a series of advertisements by the French tourist board, Britons hankering after
A wildebeest performs a death-defying leap to freedom over the open mouth of a hungry 1,100lb crocodile..The wildebeest, which is named after the wildebeest, is a rare species of crocod
A man has been charged with drug offences after a cannabis plantation was discovered following a house fire in Sydney's southwest..The man, who was not named, was arrested at the scene of the fire at the home of a man
EISENBERG I wish I could say he’s more self-flagellating than I am.. I mean, he's a little bit of a jerk, but he's a good guy.
Happy birthday, Viña Sol., you're welcome.
Large farming operations enjoyed significant economies of scale over small, local farmers for decades., and the growth of the agricultural sector in the United States was driven by the emergence of the agricultural cooperatives.
Robert Griffin III was supposed to be the Washington Redskins quarterback for the next decade., but he was fired by the team in December.
Victoria's long-running firefighters pay dispute could soon be over with the emergency services minister and the CFA both suggesting a decision is due., the CFA's chief executive, John O'Connor, said the CFA's decision to take the case to the
This post has been updated. is a guest post by David H.
AstraZeneca’s experimental medicine selumetinib failed to keep a common form of lung cancer at bay in an advanced clinical test, making it the second drug maker to report a setback in battling tumors of the lung this month..The company's latest test, which was conducted in the U.
E-books are a wonderful innovation..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a copy of the book, but I'm
Spain's King Juan Carlos I had it easy., he was the first to call for the return of the Spanish monarchy.
The move, described by one executive as “India’s reverse Brexit moment,” is a significant victory for Mr. Modi."The Modi government has been able to bring the country together and to bring the country together in a way that is
Correction appended: June 20, 2016 In a season during which Game of Thrones has been showing its advanced age, “Battle of the Bastards” proved there’s life in the program yet..The show's first season, which began airing on HBO in April, was a hit, and the show's
Your game will start after this ad You must sign in to play this game.The game will start when you log in.
The BoE will announce its response to the shortfall at 0800 GMT.The BoE's chief executive, Mark Carney, said: "We are committed to delivering on our commitments to deliver
This article originally appeared on Levo.com. is republished here with permission.
At first blush, it makes little sense for a libertarian like Peter Thiel to speak for Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention. the billionaire's campaign has been a major source of controversy for months, and the billionaire has been accused of being a "f
For the past year, every effort by Republican leaders to topple Donald J. Trump has met with embarrassing failure. the GOP has been unable to win over the American people.
My husband and I would love to visit St Petersburg.We have been to St Petersburg many times.
The deal is expected to see the firms come together before being split into three companies.The deal will see the firms split into three companies, with the first being the UK-based firm, which will
Thirty million customers will now have free access to their FICO scores through Wells Fargo.-The new FICO score will be available to all customers who have a Wells Fargo account.
Justin Bieber has claimed the top two spots in the UK singles chart for the seventh time in a year., and has been named the UK's top singles artist for the seventh time in a year.
Kulka and his mother survived the first culling by a twist of fate: they both happened to be in the infirmary on the night of the liquidation..The two were taken to the hospital, where they were treated for a number of injuries.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise isn’t slimming today..The company is also working on a new product that will allow customers to use their smartphones to access the cloud.
Ray J and Princess Love tied the knot Friday in a spectacular ceremony..The couple, who are married in New York, were married in New York City on Friday.
War makes patriots of us all — even Mafia capos..The New York Times reports that the FBI is investigating the "unprecedented" use of the word "m
The remaining members of the Monkees will not say goodbye to late bandmate Davy Jones at his low-key Florida burial."I'm not going to say goodbye to him," said Jones, who was born in New York City.
This fall, the Chinese National University of Defense Technology announced that it had created the world's fastest supercomputer, Tianhe-1A, which clocks in at 2.5 petaflops (or 2,500 trillion operations) per second. is the world's fastest supercomputer, Tianhe-1A, which clocks in at 2.
Former Australia international has made just five appearances in Super League this season HULL Kingston Rovers captain Terry Campese will miss the final three matches of the Super League season., the club announced today.
At least 84 people were killed Thursday night at a Bastille Day celebration in Nice, France, when a truck drove through crowds of people, where they had gathered to watch fireworks. the Associated PressA man holds a sign that reads "We are not terrorists" during a rally in support of the
A monster bet by a Hong Kong-based hedge-fund manager is paying off with the “Pokémon Go” sensation..The Pokémon Go game, which launched in China in March, has been downloaded more than 1.
The IRS has so far evaded accountability for its political targeting of conservative groups, but the courts haven’t been forgiving when they’ve considered the issue.The IRS has been under fire for targeting conservative groups for political purposes, including targeting conservative groups that have been targeted by
RIO DE JANEIRO, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Russian track and field suffered a final humiliation at the Rio Games on Saturday when the sport's governing body suspended long jumper Darya Klishina, removing from competition the nation's only athlete to have so far survived a blanket ban for doping..Klishina, who was banned for life for her role in the doping scandal, was the only athlete to
Zebra finch birds in the midwest region of Western Australia..The study, published in the journal Science, found that the birds were able to fly at speeds of up to
The Olympics are over.The Olympics are over.
Rebels supported by Turkey have fought Kurdish-backed forces in northern Syria, as Ankara ratcheted up its cross-border offensive by saying it had launched air strikes against both Kurdish forces and Islamic State..The Turkish military said it had launched air strikes against Islamic State in Syria, but did not say how many.
Philip Nitschke, who burned his medical licence rather than stop advising terminally ill patients on suicide, is touring Australia before a major conference on "rational suicide".."I'm not going to be a doctor, I'm not going to be a psychiatrist, I'm not
The NSW Liberal Party has performed poorly at this weekend's local council elections and the Baird government is wearing much of the blame.The party's leader, John Horgan, said the party was "shocked" by the results.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls says there will be new attacks in France but proposals by former president Nicolas Sarkozy to boost security are not the right way to deal with threats., AFP, 11 May 2015"We have to be prepared to deal with the threat of terrorism, but we have
Take the Sustainable Palm Oil Challenge and really make a difference to precious habitats and wildlife all over the world. the Sustainable Palm Oil Challenge is a global effort to raise awareness about the importance of sustainable palm oil production and the importance of sustainable
A former Papua New Guinea opposition leader fears female representation in the nation's parliament will go backwards from its already low base when voters go the polls in mid-2017.."I think it's going to be a very difficult time for women in parliament," said the former leader of
FORTUNE — Citigroup’s new CEO Michael Corbat was an ivy league football star, who turned heads in the Harvard cafeteria..Corbat, who was born in New York City, was a former football player and a former football coach at
A fugitive once featured on apparently got hitched while on the run from the police – and now authorities are using wedding photos he posted to track him down..The man, who is believed to be in his 20s, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning
A man has been charged with unlawful wounding after another man was stabbed in the stomac during an argument on the Gold Coast train..The man, who was not named, was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
MPs GRILL ANZ BANK BOSS SHAYNE ELLIOTT * ANZ has a 16 per cent share of an open and competitive market in Australia..* ANZ has a 16 per cent share of an open and competitive market in Australia.
Hirsch Jacobs used to utter cheerful platitudes when asked to analyze his talent for train ing horses.. He was a master of the art of the horse- ing-horse- ing.
When Abraham Lincoln was told that he had won the Republican nomination for president in 1860, he was playing handball. the president was not in the mood to be a "fool." Lincoln was not in the mood to be a "f
Two kayakers have been rescued after spending two hours clinging to a tree in the middle of the Yarra River in Melbourne., the ABC has learned.
Susan Lamb was a teenage mum., she was a member of the Royal Family and was a member of the Royal Family.
Malcolm Turnbull is resisting making commentary about Donald Trump out of respect for the US democratic process.."I think it's important to remember that the US is a democracy, and that the US is not a
The eight-year-old boy and his mother.The boy's mother, who was not named, said she was "very upset" by the incident.
From a macroeconomic level, things look frothy, to say the least. the economy is in a state of recession, and the government is in a state of crisis.
FORTUNE — The first analyst we’ve seen to comment on Google’s new Maps app for the iPhone is Needham’s Charlie Wolf.. Wolf is a former Google employee who has been working on the app since March.
The Greens' candidate for the seat of South Brisbane says only 1500 votes stand between her and a historic win against Deputy Premier Jackie Trad."I'm not going to say that I'm going to win the seat, but I'm going to win it
The Queensland government has approved a controversial $800 million development in inner-Brisbane's West End.The $800 million project will include a new shopping centre, a new shopping centre, a new shopping centre and a
Travis Mills' body was found in a burnt out car last year..The body was found in a burnt out car last year.
The teenager in 2015.The teenager in 2015.
The humble suburban letterbox has emerged as the new crime-fighting battleground.The letterbox, which was built in the 1960s, is a collection of letters from the city's residents,
On the eve of a vote that could legalize recreational marijuana in Massachusetts, a Colorado company is preparing to build the state’s largest marijuana greenhouse, a sprawling, high-tech complex that could eventually expand to nearly 1 million square feet. the company, which is based in the state, is also planning to build a new medical marijuana dispensary in the city of Boston
There could be a new hurdle in the saga to redevelop the defunct Winthrop Square Garage: The 750-foot skyscraper planned for the site would cast long shadows over Boston Common and the Public Garden. is the latest development in a series of developments that have been underway in the area for years.
Lives lost in South Australia's Pinery bushfire will be remembered on the first anniversary of the deadly blaze..The fire was declared under the National Fire Protection Act in March 2011.
Cynthia retired from her teaching career with a passion and a plan.. She was a member of the Board of Trustees of the University of California, Berkeley, and was a member of the
A young child and three people have been taken to hospital after they were injured in a gas main explosion in Sydney's Chinatown district..The explosion occurred at about 11.
QUESTION TIME IN FEDERAL PARLIAMENT A group of almost 30 protesters brought QT to a halt with several gluing their hands to public gallery rails..The protesters were protesting the removal of the statue of the late President John F.
Four bikie gang members who allegedly executed Sydney underworld figure Pasquale Barbaro are behind bars following a dramatic police operation into the murder., the Sydney Morning Herald reports.
As a bloody weekend on NSW roads comes to a close, the state's death toll is now at 365 and police are pleading with motorists to stop taking risks. the NSW Department of Transport has confirmed that a number of vehicles were involved in a collision with a vehicle on the NSW Highway 1
55 workers have been reinstated at the Abbotsford plant..The company said it will continue to work with the province to ensure the safety of workers.
FOR a brief period in the small hours of the morning of September 24th, a control room full of Indian engineers held their breath as Mangalyaan (Hindi for "Mars vehicle") hid behind the planet's dark side.The Indian engineers were not the only ones to be caught up in the mystery.
The London market slid despite shares in oil companies being boosted by a jump in oil prices.The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
CFA crews worked for more than an hour an a half to free the little girl's fingers.."I'm not sure what happened to her," said the mother, who asked not to be named.
Despite progress in restoring online services following a hardware failure, the Australian Taxation Office has been hit by an email scam. the scam is a scam that asks people to pay a small fee to get a free account.
The coroner in the inquest into the death of Daniel Morcombe is expected to deliver his recommendations in the new year.The coroner in the inquest into the death of Daniel Morcombe is expected to deliver his recommendations in the new year.
JASON WU TURNED 34 a few months back, and lately the designer has been feeling his age.. He's been working on a new project, and he's been working on a new project for a while now.
An Australian journalist and his Thai colleague have been cleared of defamation charges brought after they reported accusations that some officials in the Thai navy were complicit in human trafficking.The allegations were made by a Thai journalist who was working for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) in Bangkok.
Three men have faced court accused of planning to bomb major Melbourne landmarks on Christmas Day after heavily armed police swooped on homes across the northern suburbs., the Herald Sun has learned.
Adam Clendening got into his sixth game of the year, but he was inserted into the Rangers’ lineup at the expense of Brady Skjei at least partially because coach Alain Vigneault wanted to send a message to the rookie., Clendening got into his sixth game of the year, but he was inserted into the Rangers’ lineup at the
The commentator fell ill with abdominal pains."I was in a coma for a week and I was in a coma for two weeks," he said.
Silicon Valley and the entertainment and biotech sectors have secured California's reputation as an investment nirvana..But the state's economy is still struggling, and the state's unemployment rate is at its lowest level in more
Warner Bros. recently released the highly anticipated film Where the Wild Things Are, in which acclaimed director Spike Jonze brought Maurice Sendak's classic children's book to life, injecting it with his unique style..The film is set in the 1950s, and features a cast of characters who are all young, but who
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? is a good question.
Now that Hilary Duff is done with Tinder, is she moving on with a new man?, is she going to be a regular on the show?
MADNESS!.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
rebounded strongly in March amid optimism over the labor market while house prices increased in January, hopeful signs that a recent sharp slowdown in economic activity was probably a blip..The U.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
China’s arrival as a leading economic power has been much more recent., the Chinese government has been trying to build a strong economic relationship with the United States, and the United States has been trying
ike many aspiring authors, Marrit Ingman had a tough time convincing publishers that her big book idea - a wry, downbeat memoir of postpartum depression - could sell., was a hit.
The race for New Jersey governor between the multimillionaires was supposed to be a tight one, or so the final polls said before Tuesday's election.But the race for the Republican nomination for governor was a tight one, with the race for the Democratic nomination for governor
INETY-FIVE dollars is a lot to pay to watch a baseball game, even if the attraction is the New York Yankees, newly revived after a siege of on-field narcolepsy.."I'm not sure I'm going to be able to watch a game," said the former Yankees pitcher,
Saturday, February 6th 1999, 2:10AM THE DEVIL MAKES the Rev., Dr.
Sunday, November 5th 2006, 1:60AM This spring, Rian Smolik was already obsessing over Christmas candies., and he was going to make a Christmas tree.
The only thing worse than losing your loved ones in a fire is being falsely accused of setting the blaze.The FBI has been investigating the case for more than a year, and the agency has been working with the FBI to
By CORKY SIEMASZKO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Wednesday, March 13th 2002, 1:71AM An American graduate student was trapped in the West Bank last night, caught in a shootout between Israeli tanks and Palestinian snipers. the student was taken to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
Thursday, May 13th 1999, 2:10AM A cop hailed as a hero for breaking the blue wall of silence yesterday told a rapt jury that Officer Justin Volpe was swinging a broken stick "like a sword," banging it against a wall moments after he allegedly sodomized Abner Louima in a police bathroom., the jury heard.
Almost 100 years ago Robert Falcon Scott and the other members of his exploration team perished in Antarctica, having been narrowly defeated in the race to be the first to reach the South Pole. the first person to reach the South Pole was Robert Falcon Scott.
She dressed up like a superhero in a Complex magazine shoot last year., and she's been doing it ever since.
PARIS - Italy and France sought to present a united front yesterday as grim economic news threatened to push Europe back into recession and exacerbate a spiraling debt crisis..The European Central Bank said it would raise interest rates on its bonds on Wednesday, the first time it has raised
MySpace is not known for good design.The company's website says it's "a community of people who love to create and share their creations."
A Florida woman was rushed by helicopter to an Alabama burn center after her face caught fire during routine surgery..The woman, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital in Huntsville, Alabama, where she was
TECHNOLOGY was once taught in American schools almost as an afterthought -- tucked into science or social studies classes and limited to talks about inventions and inventors.. But the idea of a "science" class was not new.
Nate Naylor isn't a household name.. He's a former NFL player who played for the New York Jets and the New England Patriots.
An experienced window installer would know this, and would have wedged the SGUs less tightly to accommodate the very worst case of thermal contraction.The SGUs are not designed to be used with a thermal expansion system.
Sometimes a director and a film are a divine match., but it's not a match.
The dog days of summer are about to get hotter — and a whole lot scarier.The dog days of summer are about to get hotter — and a whole lot scarier.
"Mad Men" actress Christina Hendricks is best known for two of her most prominent, er, features: her flaming red hair and her ample curves.But Hendricks is also a woman who has been a fixture on the show since its inception in 2007.
LINCOLN — Gary Webb, a British sculptor getting his first US museum show at the deCordova Sculpture Park and Museum, has come to the right place..The exhibition, which will be held at the museum's new exhibition space, will feature a selection of works by
Frank Gore's best moments Thursday night doubled as his most painful., Gore's best moments Thursday night doubled as his most painful.
LOS ANGELES – President Obama recently praised Hollywood superstar George Clooney, calling him a “wonderful guy” and good friend.."He's a great guy," Obama said of Clooney, who has been a star in Hollywood for more
Translated by Erdag M. Goknor..[1] http://www.
Sometimes when the gay activist and playwright Larry Kramer goes on a tear, when he really lays into somebody about being politically lazy or not wearing a condom, you can feel inadequate, like just getting up every day and breathing isn’t enough., and then you can feel like you're being a hypocrite.
Boston’s Seaport District is about to get a sense of humor., the city's first-ever public art installation, will be unveiled on May 1.
If you like cutting-edge food and trendy chic, don't set your compass for Cape Cod, the veteran seafood restaurant in Albany. the restaurant is a must-visit for anyone who wants to experience the seafood world.
Ang Lee’s “Life of Pi” is a wonder of contradictions..‪‪‪‪‪‪
UPDATE: The California Highway Patrol has cleared a big rig that overturned on the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge and disrupted traffic for more than five hours this morning..The rig was towed from the bridge at about 11:30 a.
A manager for R&B singer Frank Ocean, who publicly came out of the closet last week, apologized to retail giant Target after suggesting that they would not be selling his clients CD because of his sexual orientation, according to a report from Billboard magazine.."I'm sorry for the confusion and confusion that has been created," Ocean said in a statement.
It took just six seconds to turn me into a social video fan. is that what you want?
By Arthur Bovino The Daily Meal Whether on the gridiron, hardwood, diamond or ice, athletes raise our expectations, and in crucial moments, dash our hopes or fulfill our dreams. the Daily MealThe Daily MealThe Daily MealThe Daily MealThe Daily Meal
The toll of an Easter Sunday chain-reaction crash in the mountains of southwestern Virginia was stunning: 95 vehicles involved in 17 separate crashes, with 25 people injured and three killed.The crash occurred in the middle of the day, and the cause of the crash was not immediately known.
This is one of thousands of previously unpublished P-I photographs from Super Bowl XL on Feb. 5, 2006. is one of thousands of previously unpublished P-I photographs from Super Bowl XL on Feb.
Gorehounds will gnash their teeth in disappointment at “The Conjuring,” a trim, effective haunted-house spook show from James Wan, director of the original “Saw.” Where are the flying entrails?.””””””
These are heady times at Land Rover., and they're not going to be easy.
He may be India's most famous living artist, but Maqbool Fida Husain was conspicuous by his absence from the country's first art fair which opened yesterday in Delhi. is the first Indian artist to be honoured for his work in the country's first art fair.
Money was always pretty central to Warhol's aesthetic... detail from Roll of Bills (1962)., and the fact that he was a very good painter, and a great painter, and a great painter, and a great
Crazy … detail of David Trood's shot of a Danish winter bather..The film is a bit of a mess, but it's a good one.
Imagine having acquired a financial interest in LeBron James, Peyton Manning, or Roger Federer early in their careers. the idea of a player who could be a superstar in the NBA is a dream come true.
A Picture of BritainTate Britain, London SW1, until 4 September This is the show of the television series.. It is a show of the British people.
It's real estate 101, buy the worst house on the block, fix it up, you could make a mint. is a real estate expert and a real estate expert.
Gone are the days when middle management was expected to lead troops into some territorial battle with rivals..The new government has been in power for just over a year, and has been in power for almost two years
Wonderful news., I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get my hands on it.
For this exhibition exploring commercial relationships between east and west, Arnolfini's galleries have turned into a concept store. the exhibition explores the relationship between east and west, Arnolfini's galleries have turned into a concept store.
Music impressario Russell Simmons and his fiance, Kimora Lee, got married yesterday - European-style..The couple, who are both from the US, were spotted in the city of Paris, where they were spotted
Au Bon Pain, a Boston-based chain of café bakeries, announced that it will become “fully cage-free” in the supply of eggs for its menu by 2017..The company said it will also be offering a free, non-refrigerated egg for its customers.
Welcome to a wholly reimagined TIME.com. to be the best place to read, watch, and listen to the world's most popular and influential news.
Subscriber content preview.-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 0px 0px rgba(0,0,0,0.
Brace yourself for more Glassholes..The Glasshole is a great way to get a little more out of your home.
05/16/2014 at 07:30 AM EDT back to the only screen actually big enough to hold him..I'm not sure if it's because he's a little too big for the screen, or if he's
Football star Johnny Manziel’s agent says a legal document circulating online that alleges a litany of sexual harassment complaints against the recently-drafted NFL player is either a fake or simply bogus., according to TMZ.
05/30/2014 at 08:00 AM EDT She's an Oscar-winning actress, but's most cherished role is being a mom..She's an Oscar-winning actress, but's most cherished role is being a mom.
“Rectify” doesn’t pretend to unfold in real time.“““““““““““�
Revived plans to build a pair of skyscrapers along Boston Harbor are finding a newly receptive audience in City Hall, signaling a possible end to a long-running real estate feud that has for years stalled the redevelopment of prime waterfront..The city's new plan to build a pair of skyscrapers along Boston Harbor is finding a newly receptive audience
Knuckle duster … Brooklyn tattoo artist Jess Versus's Google art..The artist, who has been working with the artist since 2012, has been working with the artist since 2012.
07/07/2014 at 04:45 PM EDT already shares the limelight with his, but now his eldest son Simon is making headlines too – only for a much different reason..Simon is a former senior adviser to the Conservative Party and a former senior adviser to the Liberal Democrats.
Mobile is playing a bigger role in the world, and as it does, it’s enabling some profound shifts in how we live.,The world is changing, and we need to be able to make the changes that will make it better.
FORTUNE — Sequoia Capital has quietly hired a pair of junior partners for its growth equity practice, Fortune has learned..The two firms, Sequoia Capital and Sequoia Capital Partners, are part of a $1.
Consider the Winnebago. the Winnebago is a small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small,
Q. I recently discovered that there are a few engineering co-workers making more than I am.. I'm not sure if they are all engineers, but I'm sure they are all working on the same project.
Ice bucket challenge videos raising money for the ALS Association charity have saturated Facebook news feeds in the last month..The ALS Association is a nonprofit organization that provides support to people with ALS, including those who have lost their lives
A Russian aid convoy of white trucks waits to enter Ukraine at a border control point with Ukraine in the Russian town of Donetsk, Rostov region.. (AP Photo/Alexei Druzhinin)By Alexei DruzhininKIE
Mobile Lovers appeared in April on a doorway by Broad Plain Working With Young People., and they were joined by a group of young people from the community.
The artist Ai Weiwei, confined to his house and studio in Beijing, his passport confiscated by the state, has been roaming the corridors and state rooms of Blenheim Palace, one of the grandest houses in England, through a 3D computer model.The artist, who has been living in the palace since the 1980s, has been living in the palace since the
FORTUNE — Wall Street analysts get paid a lot to predict a company’s earnings and stock price..But the fact that Wall Street analysts are paid to predict a company's earnings and stock price is a big deal
FORTUNE — They say a good man is hard to find, but that’s not the case in China, where men overwhelmingly outnumber women..The number of women in the workforce has risen by more than 50 percent since the 1990s, according to a
Imperial relic: Philip de László's portrait of Kaiser Wilhelm was slashed by a Russian soldier in 1945 and kept hidden in Potsdam for the next 50 years..The German government has been accused of using the portrait to justify its military intervention in the war.
Alfonso Ribeiro and Witney Carson A missed cue and a battle with a boa kept a few stars from putting their best foot forward, but the 19th season premiere of brought plenty of good scores and great moments – at least those that involve Cheech..The first of the season's three new episodes, "The Last Man on Earth," was a great one,
FORTUNE — Ronny Conway is stepping down as a partner with venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, Fortune has learned..Conway, who has been with the firm since 2011, will take over as a partner in the company's
Just over a decade ago, the abiding image of art in Afghanistan was the Buddhas of Bamiyan being destroyed by Taliban dynamite, but Shamsia Hassani is proof of how much has changed since. the artist has been working on the project for over a decade and has been working on the project for over a decade.
Searching for Shakespeare National Portrait Gallery, London WC2, until 28 May William Shakespeare is the mystery cat of English literature, at once everywhere and nowhere.The first of his works, The Tempest, was published in 1815, and was the first of his works to
Between minimalism and flamboyance... Marjorie Wallace photographed by Julia Fullerton-Batten When the call came to say that I was to be photographed for a special exhibition at the National Portrait Gallery, I started to grapple with the fundamental question of mortality. the question of mortality.
Why is there a car in The Observer Review?, and why is it called The Observer Review?
The popular social network Twitter is handing over to data scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s famed Media Lab every message ever tweeted.The company is also giving away a $100,000 prize to anyone who can prove that a tweet is true.
FORTUNE — The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating the relationship between Michael Milken and Guggenheim Partners, Fortune has learned..The SEC is investigating the relationship between Michael Milken and Guggenheim Partners, Fortune has learned.
Dear Annie: My company did a round of 360-degree performance evaluations recently — the first time we’ve done this since I was promoted to management two years ago., and we were able to get a lot of feedback from our customers.
Cheryl Burke and Alfonso Ribeiro 10/09/2014 AT 08:30 AM EDT bring out something even more impressive than Fans will find out on Monday when the nine remaining celebrities will switch partners for one night only on ABC's..The show will air on ABC on Monday, September 9 at 8:00 p.
FORTUNE — Thomas Doe, an analyst in the municipal bond market, was in Denver to give a speech last September when an unmistakable scent caught his attention.."I was in the middle of a conversation with a guy who was a real estate agent," Doe said.
Des Newton, who has died after a long illness at the age of 67, liked to describe himself as a glass receptacle miniature artefact inserter."I was a little bit of a collector, but I was a little bit of a collector," he said.
Alejandro González Iñarritu knows a thing or two about being a slave to the tyranny of one’s ego.. He's a master of the art of the slave-like, and he's also a master of the art of the
WEYMOUTH — It was hard watching Jeff McCormick, an independent candidate for governor, work a crowd of more than 100 seniors gathered at Pond Meadow Park last week.."I'm not going to let this happen to me," McCormick said.
Jennifer Aniston on the cover of Harper's Bazaar Melvin Sokolsky for Harperâs BAZAAR 11/11/2014 AT 09:00 AM EST says her 40s have been more than fabulous – they've provided her with incredible clarity., she's been a great inspiration to me.
FORTUNE — Take a wild guess: Which country’s workers put in more hours on the job, Germany or Greece?.The answer is a resounding yes.
Investors roasting Aflac may be about to get plucked themselves..The Aflac market is growing at a rapid rate, and the Aflac stock market is expected to
Europe's comet probe Philae has uploaded a slew of science data to Earth, ending a nailbiting wait by mission controllers who feared it would run out of power before making final contact..The comet's orbit around the sun is about 1,000 miles (2,000 kilometers) above the Earth
Step No.. 1: The New York TimesThe New York Times is a major news organization.
ATLANTA — After I moved to Atlanta, for the first time I hosted my family for the holidays in my home.. I was so excited to be back in the city.
11/28/2014 AT 01:00 PM EST Many of the sexual assault allegations against are decades old.. The only thing that's changed is that the media has been more willing to cover the story.
Seven years ago, whilst travelling through the rural areas of China’s Sichuan province, artist Tony Bevan stumbled across a gathering of ancient temples., he was inspired to create a sculpture of a statue of a god.
Below is an unedited transcript..Q: So, you're saying that the FBI is not going to be able to get a warrant to search
A decade ago, scientists promised a revolution in drug development as they mapped the human genome.. Now, they're looking at the human genome.
FORTUNE — Thomas Beaudoin has stepped down as head of the fund formation practice at law firm WilmerHale, Fortune has learned..Beaudoin, who has been with the firm since 2007, will take over as head of the firm's
Algerian authorities have released a leader of the banned Islamic Salvation Front as part of a mass pardon..The leader of the Islamic Salvation Front, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was arrested in Baghdad on Friday
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
FORTUNE – Dear Annie: I’m in my first job as a manager and have never hired anyone before, so I hope this isn’t a dumb question.. I’m not a manager, but I’m a manager.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a statement at a press conference inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London on 18 August, 2014.The US government has been accused of using the WikiLeaks website to leak classified information to the public, including the US government
Facebook users can now control their digital afterlives.The new feature will allow users to control their digital afterlives by using a smartphone app.
Ray Finch throwing shallow bowls in 1998..The team's first season in the NFL was a disaster.
The chart above was created using a tool posted last Friday on thomsonreuters.com.The chart shows that the average price of a gallon of gas in the U.
In February, Adobe’s analytics arm ran a poll of 1,000 Americans who own either a smartphone or a tablet. the results showed that the majority of respondents said they had used a smartphone or tablet in the past year.
03/17/2015 AT 05:55 PM EDT It's been 50 years since premiered in movie theaters – but even fans who've seen it again and again (you know who you are!). The film is a tale of two brothers, a young man and a young woman, who are both in their late teens
One of the most anticipated features of the new Apple Watch will be its ability to help users track their workouts, among other fitness-related functions. of course, this is a big deal for Apple, as it's the first time that the company has been able to offer
Until recently Vladimir Putin was customarily included in lists of the world’s most powerful people. the Russian president has been a regular visitor to the United States, and has been a regular visitor to the White House since the
Figures turn above my head like acrobats..I'm not sure if I'm being honest or not.
Footage has emerged online of a large twister wreaking havoc in Iowa as tornadoes tear through parts of the United States’ Midwest..The twister, which is believed to be the largest tornado in the country, is believed to have been caused
This post is in partnership with Money. is a non-profit organization that helps people in need.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
FORTUNE — Working solo, and at a considerable distance from one’s colleagues, isn’t everybody’s cup of capuccino.. But it is a good way to get a sense of what it is like to work with a group of people who are
Don Kilbride used to think of dividend growth as simply an interesting financial concept.'t.But in the last few years, the dividend growth has been so strong that it's hard to imagine a
04/29/2015 AT 02:30 AM EDT It's been nearly three months since in her Atlanta-area home.. She's been in the hospital for a few days, but she's still recovering.
This is Palm Sunday -- next before Easter -- so called because the day of which it is the anniversary of Christ's entrance into Jerusalem, where with great honor he was greeted, the multitude welcoming Him with hosannas, strewed branches of palm in His way -- the palm, the emblem of victory. is the day of the resurrection, the day of the resurrection of the saints, the day of the resurrection of the saints,
05/05/2015 AT 03:30 PM EDT, has hit the shelves!.The first issue of the magazine is now available for pre-order.
A man has been thrown 10m by the shockwave of a paint truck explosion that turned a raging fire into an enormous fireball that shot 100m into the air on a Russian highway..The explosion, which was caused by a truck, was so powerful that it knocked out power to the city of
Vivint, the home security company, on Tuesday added a connected doorbell to its lineup of home automation and security products..The company said it will be adding a connected doorbell to its lineup of home automation and security products.
With the stroke of a pen Stebbins Avenue in the Bronx became the Rev. the Rev.
Japan agreed to cut back auto exports to the United States by almost 8 percent in a move to head off protectionist action by Congress..The deal, which was signed in Washington on Friday, will allow the U.
1..1.
A. I suspect it is a new gimmick and cannot be classified as regional or traditional..The first thing I noticed was that the "new" name was not the same as the "old" name
Booker T. Washington, the turn-of-the-century black leader, was famous for his advice: ''Cast down your bucke ts where you are.''.The first black president, Abraham Lincoln, was a black man.
New York City's Offtrack Betting Corporation opened for business with its first $2 bet 10 years ago this week.The company's first bet was $1,000 on a $1,000 bet on a $1,000
FROM the time he was 3 years old, growing up in the Corn Belt in northwest Missouri, George Booth knew he wanted to be a cartoonist.."I was a little bit of a kid, but I was a little bit of a kid, and I
William F. Reilly, 42, who joined Macmillan Inc. just five months ago as executive vice president, has been appointed president of the diversified corporation., which is based in the U.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt THE BREAKS OF THE GAME. the game is a game of survival.
Allegheny International and the Sunbeam Corporation announced a definitive merger agreement yesterday, firing the first volley in a bidding war for Sunbeam between Allegheny and IC Industries for one of the world's leading home appliance makers..The deal, which was announced by Sunbeam CEO and CEO John W.
WARRINGTON, England— Roy Jenkins stood in the back of an open Land-Rover, and the Social Democratic campaign caravan set off.."I'm not going to lie, I was very surprised," he said.
DO you remember the last time you filled out an application for a job?.I remember the last time I filled out an application for a job.
The unions at The Daily News reacted yesterday to the newspaper's proposed sale by demanding an immediate meeting with its owner, the Tribune Company of Chicago."We are disappointed that the Tribune Company of Chicago has decided to sell our business to a private company that has been
-------------------------------------------------------------------- ROBERT D. KAPLAN is a writer who lives in Jerusalem.Copyright © 2016 The Washington Times, LLC.
Thanks to recent, additional purchases of property on Madison Avenue, the Whitney Museum of American Art now owns the entire blockfront on the east side of Madison Avenue between 74th and 75th Streets, with some frontage on 74th Street. to view the full list of properties on Madison Avenue, click here.
COMMUNITIES throughout Essex County are learning that at least one answer to Shakespeare's question ''What's in a name?''.The answer is ''The name is the name of the person who is the name of the person who is the
GREENWICH LEGISLATION to establish a Fair Rent Commission here will be proposed here next month, 11 years after a similar proposal was resoundingly defeated.The Fair Rent Commission is a federal agency that is tasked with regulating the rental market in the United States.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt WHAT'S WHAT. the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I
-------------------------------------------------------------------- The Hers column was designed as a forum for writing by women.The Hers column was designed as a forum for writing by women.
ONE popular mayoral anecdote on public behavior concerns residents of a poorly paved street.."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a public meeting," said the mayor.
For children of the 80's. the first thing you need to do is to get your kids to read.
Following up on a provision of an agreement on wage cuts that was signed last fall with most of its major labor unions, Pan American World Airways yesterday nominated to its board of directors Robert L. Gould, a 43-year-old pilot and union official. the board of directors of the airline, which has been in the news for its unionization efforts, is the first of its
CONDUCTORS who compose and composers who conduct seldom encounter great trouble in finding orchestras to perform their works..The most important thing to remember is that the best orchestras are not the ones that are most likely to be
ON the surface it would seem that children's books have never had it so bad..The book is a collection of stories about the lives of children, and the stories are all about the children.
It’s still not clear what caused the crash of an Amtrak train in Philadelphia on May 13th. is still not clear what caused the crash of an Amtrak train in Philadelphia on May 13th.
The Los Angeles Times today announced the schedule for The Taste, its annual celebration of Southern California’s vibrant, influential culinary scene, returning to Paramount Pictures Studios’ iconic backlot over Labor Day weekend.The Taste will feature a variety of food trucks, restaurants, and bars, including the Los Angeles Times' "The
Is there anything more dispiriting than an idealist who has lost his way? the idea that the world is a better place because of the way we live it?
Leadership Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions. to learn more about Leadership Insider, visit Leadership Insider.
This article is published in partnership with Time.com. is a registered trademark of Time Inc.
29 Oct 2006 â Al Jazeera English, the 24-hour English-language news and current affairs channel, announced that award winning news anchor Teymoor Nabili will present its flagship Asia-Pacific current affairs show, 101 East.. The show will be broadcast on the 24-hour channel, which will be available in English and Arabic.
When fans last saw Elizabeth Gillies star on screen, she played sassy student Jade on Nickelodeon's Now, she's left high school behind to go full badass as – a show about an aging but ambitious rocker created by the And she's bringing her soulful vocals along for the ride. the show is a must watch for anyone who's ever been to a show like this.
This article was first published in The Boston Globe on July 17, 2007. is a member of the Boston Globe's editorial staff.
If you spend a little time hanging around the venture capital world, the field’s overwhelming white-maleness is hard to miss. the company's founder, Steve Jobs, is a white man, and his wife, Mary, is a black woman.
I really, really wanted to chirp Ian ruthlessly, but I didn't have to.. I just wanted to be able to say, 'Hey, Ian, you're a good guy, and I'm going
07/04/2015 AT 12:40 PM EDT to help him with his depression..I'm not sure if he's going to be able to get through this, but I'm sure he'll
I can pretty much tell you the precise moment I realized Fun had died.. I was in the middle of a conversation with my wife about the death of my husband.
Longtime merchants, tour guides, and others peppered the operator of Faneuil Hall Marketplace with questions about a plan to make over the property at a public meeting on Tuesday., the owner of the building, who asked not to be identified, said he was not aware of any plans to build a
"We believe that once we start reconstruction, this can amount to a form of fiscal stimulus."We believe that the government should be able to spend more on infrastructure, and that the government should be able to
Washington State Dept., which is responsible for the U.
Agatha A. Nitecka/Miramax and Roadside Attractions Sir Ian McKellan in “Mr.. Robot‬.
THIS important study by a New Testament theologian is obviously designed for schol­ars in the field; yet undoubted­ly it will interest and attract many beside the experts..The study of the Bible is a study of the Bible, and of the Bible as a whole.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras with French President Francois Hollande., AFP PHOTO / JEROME GONZALEZ (Photo credit should read JEROME GONZALEZ
07/29/2015 AT 01:40 PM EDT Emotions are running high as arrives in Haiti for a charity trip on the next episode of, and PEOPLE has the exclusive first look..The show is set to air on Monday, May 29 at 10 p.
Hello beautiful friends and family!!,I am so happy to announce that I am going to be attending the first ever International Women's Day Parade in
Not many people can get away with calling a Beatles album “rubbish” without being dismissed as crazy, but apparently Keith Richards is one of them. the band's first album, "The Beatles," was released in 1989 and was a hit.
At Friday's meeting, a large contingent of foreign media representatives were blocked by police from the airline's office at the cargo base. the airline's spokesman said the security measures were necessary to prevent any further incidents.
08/11/2015 AT 05:55 PM EDT When Keith Colburn got a phone call that longtime friend and fellow captain Tony Lara had, the Discovery star couldn't believe the news.. "I'm so sorry," he said.
China's motives for devaluing the yuan have been seen as two pronged., the Chinese government has been trying to devalue the yuan since the end of the Cold War, and has been trying to
One enterprising barber has offered free haircuts to school kids ahead of their return to a new school year – but only on the condition they read to him as he lops off their locks. of course, the barber is not the only one who has been offered free haircuts.
Even the hottest investors go on cold streaks. the stock market is a hot spot.
The elections add significant uncertainty to an economy ravaged by political and economic uncertainty.The election of Donald Trump as president of the United States has been a major political event in the United States.
08/20/2015 AT 11:20 AM EDT Ten-year-old Xavier Elliott of Phoenix, Arizona, is spending his summer vacation giving back to those in need.. He's been doing this for the past two years, and he's been doing it for the past three years.
It's a whole new world. is that what you're saying?
4..1.
Facebook and Twitter weren't the only two platforms in the spotlight: Score one point for Snapchat.The company's CEO, Evan Spiegel, said in a statement that the company was "deeply saddened" by the
Now you can estimate your monthly mortgage payments with Google., and you can also calculate your monthly mortgage payments with your credit card.
Standard & Poor's downgraded Greece's credit rating one notch on Friday and warned of a narrowing window for the government to agree on a new financing program with creditors., the European Central Bank said in a statement.
Shares on the Athens Stock Exchange tumbled around 5 percent on Monday, as Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said his election pledge to end austerity by restructuring Greece's debt was "irrevocable" in his inaugural speech in parliament late Sunday., as Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said his election pledge to end austerity by restructuring Greece's debt was "irrev
Traders looked to plays on the threat of more supply taking down prices even more.."We're not going to be able to do that," said one trader.
Despite the purchasing power of Hispanic men and women, the industry's overall sales remain challenged, particularly in the mass market. the industry's overall sales remain challenged, particularly in the mass market.
Italy's Eni cut its dividend and suspended a share buyback program on Friday becoming the first oil major to reduce payouts amid a steep oil price decline in a bid to save funds to spur future production growth., the company said in a statement.
"We turn extremely bullish on oil after yesterday's 5 percent rally in crude prices," Singapore-based energy brokerage Phillips Futures said."We believe that the price of oil will continue to rise as the world economy continues to grow and the world economy
“For the view,” says Jimmy Chin, when asked why he climbs mountains."I'm not a climber.
Caitlyn Jenner in Los Angeles, California 09/02/2015 AT 11:30 AM EDT looked the part as she headed to a meeting in Los Angeles this week.. She was wearing a black dress and a black skirt.
Sound familiar?.The first time I saw the movie, I was in the theater and I was like, "Oh my God
(Adds details, CEO comment, shares) Aug 27 (Reuters) - Teen apparel retailer Aeropostale Inc reported a loss for the 11th straight quarter as it discounted heavily to clear older inventory and closed many unprofitable stores.The company said it had sold more than 1.
But what about the original question—whether it's possible to build a technology platform company outside Silicon Valley. the answer is no.
Photos of the “Nindies@Night” event at EMP Museum from Nintendo are Available on Business Wire's Website and AP PhotoExpress.The Nindies@Night” event at EMP Museum is a celebration of the Nindies' first year
They also have high aspirations. are the first to be able to do it.
In a classical orchestra, the man behind the podium could be considered its CEO. the man behind the podium could be considered its CEO.
I don't own a television.. I don't own a computer.
Tattoos placed on the eyeball are opening up new possibilities for some eye injury patients.."We're seeing a lot of people who are looking at it as a way to get better," said Dr
The Turner prize, the most important event in the UK's contemporary art calendar, is to leave the island of Great Britain for the first time.The prize is awarded to the best artist in the world for a work that is "in the public domain".
Bharti Kher, GatesheadTyneside welcomes ex Newcastle University Fine Art student Bharti Kher back from New Delhi for this exhibition of enchanting sculptures and paintings..The exhibition will be held at the New Delhi Art Gallery on Saturday, October 7, from 10am to 2
In a staff report on the aid program, published Thursday, the IMF added that a change to eastern Ukraine's borders could force it to adjust its bailout. the IMF said that the country's border with Russia was "unclear" and that it was "not clear" whether the
More dads are staying at home full time with their kids than in decades past, but a new report finds that many of them are doing so because of health reasons or a lack of employment.The study, published in the journal Social Science & Medicine, found that more than half of all dads in the U
Read More Japan shocks as economy slips into recession "You can say long Nikkei and short the yen is a consensus trade," Tak Aoyama, CIO of $630 million fund of hedge funds AIFAM, said of macro investors."The yen is a consensus trade, but it's not a consensus trade.
When you step off the elevator at Arnold Worldwide’s new office in Downtown Crossing, the first thing you see is the stairs. the first thing you see is the stairs.
Paul Meeks, a notable technology investor who is topping the market in 2015, believes investors should buy Apple before earnings as results exceed expectations and the company raises its dividend., a notable technology investor who is topping the market in 2015, believes investors should buy Apple before earnings as results exceed expectations and
"Look at the best of the best among companies that reported good numbers, and the worst of the worst among companies that reported bad numbers."The bottom line is that the companies that are doing well are the ones that are doing well.
Korean Air offers two boarding pass programs.. The first is a $50,000 flight to Seoul, where the flight is scheduled to take off from the airport.
Crude is hovering near $60 a barrel, near its highs this year, but this upward trend may not last.."We're seeing a lot of volatility in the market," said Mark Zandi, chief investment officer at C
When in 2009 experts at the Prado Museum in Madrid attributed their famous painting The Colossus to one of Francisco Goya's assistants rather than Goya himself, my friend and colleague Nigel Glendinning returned to an argument that had been rumbling on for eight years. the painting was a work of art, and Goya had been a painter for many years.
Comic strips, matchstick men and David Bowie will hit the Tate in 2013, along with Marc Chagall, Gary Hume and Paul Klee..The Tate is the world's largest exhibition of art, with more than 1,000 works of art, including
Any mention of the Bauhaus conjures up a sequence of those well-known design objects: a Wagenfeld lamp, a Marianne Brandt teapot, a Marcel Breuer chair. of course, the Bauhaus is not the only one to have been inspired by the Bauhaus.
NEW YORK, Aug 7 (Reuters) - Johnson & Johnson subsidiary Ethicon Endo-Surgery Inc will get a second chance to hold rival surgical instrument maker Covidien Plc liable for allegedly infringing two patents on a specialized ultrasonic device that cuts and seals blood vessels.The two patents, which were awarded in 2012, were awarded in a case that was heard in the U.
While the market continues to trade sideways, investors are getting behind a group of exchanged traded funds they believe will move higher. the market is now at a point where it is likely to move higher.
But art dealers and market experts say the Krugier sale had unique problems and is not a sign of bad things to come in future sales. the Krugier is a small, but well-made, and well-made, and well-made, and well-
A crowd of naked people watch as you walk past the Serpentine Gallery..The Serpentine Gallery is a museum dedicated to the art of the nude.
* Commodities pulled down by falling Asian stocks * Oil, coal, copper all at 2009 peak financial crisis levels * Solar stocks tumble along with China's share rout * Analysts say weak market conditions set to last SINGAPORE, Aug 24 - Commodities markets tumbled in Asia on Monday as fears spread that a more severe slowdown in China would pull down other economies in the region, denting energy and raw material consumption.The S&P 500 index fell 0.
Now that the holiday season has really kicked off, investors are busy trolling both shopping malls and the stock market for those must-have items., and the stock market is in a frenzy.
Plans to improve broadband services are in the works..The government has already announced plans to build a new fibre-optic network in the city of London, which
Monday marked the eighth anniversary of Cramer's infamous rant about how the Fed knew nothing about the subprime market and how that lack of knowledge would cause systematic risk to the financial system., and the Fed's response was to "stop short of doing anything to stop the subprime market."The Fed
Cambridge documentarian Ken Dornstein collaborated with director Amir Bar-Lev to make “Happy Valley” (2014), the harrowing investigation into the Penn State sexual abuse scandal..The film, which was released in May, is a follow-up to the 2013 documentary, "The Penn
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew made it official; a woman's image will appear on a newly designed $10 bill set to be issued in the year 2020..The new bill, which will be unveiled on Wednesday, will be the first of its kind in the U.
Xiao Lu Chu | Getty Images A general view of the Badaling Great Wall in Beijing, China..The Chinese government has been trying to build a wall along the border with India for years, but the government has
The latest round of crash tests involving two of the country's most popular electric cars shows the batteries in those vehicles hold up with no major issues after violent front end collisions.The latest test, which took place at the end of the month, showed the batteries in the Tesla Model S and
A zoo in China is celebrating National Day by debuting its six baby tiger cubs to the public..The cubs are being kept in a zoo in China, which is celebrating National Day by debuting its six
By Karen Mizoguchi and Aaron Couch 10/07/2015 AT 12:30 AM EDT is back in familiar territory. the first time I've seen it, it's a very good looking, very well done, very well done.
The company weighed on the Nasdaq on Friday, and traders questioned whether sluggishness in the index would continue."The Nasdaq is a very volatile market, and we're not going to be able to predict the future,"
A number of e-commerce firms in the mainland are inking deals to import foreign delicacies, reflecting growing consumer worries over a series of domestic food scandals..The Chinese government has been accused of using its influence to influence the country's food supply, with some of the
Founded in 1885 by Yong Koon – Yoon Li and Tien Yue's great grandfather – Royal Selangor survived two world wars, a number of economic busts and a bitter family feud..The family's fortunes have been steadily improving since the late 1990s, when the family's fortunes were at their
Baer and Fenty are both theater veterans who launched TodayTix in 2013.."We're very excited to be working with them," said Fenty.
Arun Sharma | Hindustan Times | Getty Images Cyclone Hudhud hit India's east coast, killing at least six people and leaving behind a trail of destruction in Andhra Pradesh and neighboring Odisha, on October 12, 2014 in Visakhapatnam..The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said on Friday that the cyclone was heading towards the Indian Ocean
10/09/2015 AT 12:50 PM EDT Life's not just a cabaret for : It's also a very long car ride, apparently..9/09/2015 AT 12:50 PM EDT Life's not just a cabaret for : It's
Importing more than you export means lots of empty containers..The following example shows how to create a container that is not empty.
The three-year anniversary of Apple's announcement of a record capital return program is approaching in April, and one analyst believes the cash juggernaut will mark that occasion with a new $200 billion program to buy back shares and raise its dividend."The company is going to be in a very good position to do that," said Michael S.
LinkedIn founder and chairman Reid Hoffman told CNBC he remains a believer in bitcoin, but he says the digital currency is only in the first inning and it is not for everybody.."I think it's a very, very small market," Hoffman said.
Determine shutter speed To take photographs of motion correctly you have to evaluate each situation separately.. You can do this by looking at the shutter speed and the shutter speed of the camera.
Tom McNichol has been boating on the Charles about four days a week for 12 years, picking up trash on his refurbished fishing boat as founder of the Charles River Clean Up Boat.."I've been doing this for about 12 years and I've never seen anything like it," McNichol
Even as some merchants favor cashless transactions, can't one still get by in Europe with good, old-fashioned cash? the answer is no.
11/11/2015 AT 01:00 PM EST is honoring veterans by giving them a shot at Austin has stacked the season 3 premiere of his CMT competition show with veterans, and in an exclusive clip, two of the toughest give it their all to be the first to capture a sandbag and then struggle to ring a bell to signal they are victorious – but the results are painful for one..The show is a tribute to the late, great, and legendary Austin resident, and it's a great way
New numbers for the average 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage will be released on Thursday.The average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage is $1,000,000, up from $1,000
I had no real subject in mind when I started work on this picture.. I was just trying to get a picture of the scene.
Adam Lambert and Leona Lewis 12/01/2015 AT 01:30 PM EST is about to get a new spin., it's a new show, and it's a new show is about to be called "The Big Bang Theory". It
12/03/2015 AT 02:35 PM EST Will they be naughty or nice?.Anonymous 03/03/2015 at 02:36 PM EST I'm not sure.
Two Boston lawyers are suing Dashed Inc., accusing the Boston-based restaurant delivery service of inappropriately classifying its drivers as independent contractors., citing a lawsuit filed by the company's former employees.
12/22/2015 AT 08:40 PM EST Illustrator Gergely Dudás has produced the Internet's newest holiday-themed craze..The holiday-themed craze is a new way to celebrate the holidays, with a new holiday-themed holiday
After winning a Heisman Trophy and national championship at Michigan, Woodson helped the Raiders reach the Super Bowl before losing to the Buccaneers. the Raiders won the Super Bowl in 2009.
12/30/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST has left her St. Barts vacation after her son's hospitalization, a source tells PEOPLE..The mother of a 6-year-old boy who was hospitalized with a serious brain injury has been released from
At least twelve members of Iraq's security forces have been killed in an Islamic State suicide attack on a base near Tikrit, authorities said. the attack took place on Saturday, the first time the group has killed a member of its own security forces in Iraq.
Are you ready? the next time you're in a bar, you can just sit down and enjoy a drink.
Welcome back everyone! to the last post of the week, I'm going to be talking about the new game, The Legend of Zelda: Breath
As soon as the Academy Award nominations were announced, a disturbing trend emerged: #OscarsSoWhite. the hashtag was trending on Twitter and was used to promote the Oscars.
01/13/2016 AT 10:40 AM EST Would you eat someone else's poop to lose weight?.Anonymous 05/13/2016 at 10:42 AM EST I'm not sure if you're right or not
From the makers of the successful app Edjing, Scratch is an attempt to give digital smartphone DJ apps a retro feel. the app is a simple, yet powerful way to create your own DJ app.
Ecuador has asked Sweden to submit a new application over the questioning of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange in London..The Swedish government has asked Ecuador to submit a new application over the questioning of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange in London.
01/24/2016 AT 01:40 PM EST's supporters aren't just "so smart," he said during a campaign stop this weekend – they are so loyal that in fact he could "shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters."."I'm not going to lose any voters," he said.
01/26/2016 AT 07:00 PM EST'new song "White Privilege II" has been received with praise and controversy.. The song is a tribute to the white privilege of the white privilege of the white privilege of the white privilege of the white
The most compelling part of the chart is in 2008, when the economic meltdown sent oil prices tumbling.The chart shows that the U.
Paul Allen, the world's seventh-richest person according to Forbes magazine, will make the investment through Global Vulcan Energy International, a wholly owned subsidiary of his personal investment vehicle, Vulcan Capital., which is based in New York.
A congressional committee investigating the Flint, Michigan, pressed state and federal officials Wednesday concerning the handling of the lead-contaminated water that has caused a Since 2014, Flint residents have been living in fear of their tap water, which contains was to "examine the ongoing situation in Flint, Michigan," and to review the Environmental Protection Agency's administration of the Safe Drinking Water Act in the town..The committee's report, which was released Wednesday, said that the EPA's lead-contaminated water was
NBA player Ryan Anderson has revealed his struggle to come to terms with the suicide of his girlfriend, “Bachelor” contestant Gia Allemand, in a new interview with Sports Illustrated..Anderson, who is currently in the midst of a divorce from his wife, said he was "very upset"
A 2½ minute video entitled “We Are #WomenNotObjects” has been circulating on the Internet for a few weeks..The video is a compilation of the many women who have been accused of being objectified by men in the past
The men, who were travelling on South African passports, were found guilty on weapons and immigration charges related to the plot.The men were arrested in the city of Johannesburg on Tuesday and charged with conspiracy to commit terrorism.
King Jigme Singye Wangchuck, 50,Â announced on Saturday that his eldest son, the crown prince, would take over from him in 2008, when the country will hold its first national elections., the first of which will be held in the capital, Beijing.
When Advertising Week kicks off Monday in New York, ad-industry executives will convene to discuss all the hot new marketing trends, from the branded emoji craze to location-based targeting to artificial-intelligence-driven marketing. the event will be held at the New York Hilton Hotel, which is located at the corner of West 57th Street and Broadway
The Moroccans died when their inflatable boat began to break up on Wednesday.The Moroccans were rescued by the Coast Guard on Wednesday morning.
Since the 2003 Columbia disaster grounded the US shuttle fleet, the United States has depended on Russian Soyuz and Progress craft to ferry its astronauts and supplies to the orbiting space station. the US has relied on Russian Soyuz and Progress craft to ferry its astronauts and supplies to the orbiting space station.
Of course, there is always the possibility of domestic companies creating their own, cheaper alternatives to 3M's masks. the company's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, has said that he would like to see 3M's masks made in China.
Ah, Bonfire Night!."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this.
SpeakEasy Stage Company will present a season of what are billed as Boston-area premieres in 2016 and 2017, including a pair of musicals and a play featuring a demonic sock puppet..The show will be hosted by the Boston-based company, which is based in the Boston area.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
The modern world died at 3.32pm in St Louis, Missouri, on 15 July 1972.The first of the three major events of the year was the assassination of President John F Kennedy.
Milan has long been the capital of design, and even more so since the Triennale Design Museum opened in 2007..The museum is located in the heart of the city, and is a great place to visit for a visit to
04/08/2016 AT 09:25 PM EDT, the day he proposed to wife 16 years ago seems just like yesterday..The first thing I noticed was that he was talking about his wife's age.
Officials have wound back an initial tsunami threat issued after a large earthquake struck off the coast of Vanuatu., but the government has now issued a warning for the area.
He is Indonesia's most wanted terrorist who has "kept Jihad alive" in the world's most populous Muslim country. is a former member of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and a member of the Islamic State of
Market Basket store manager Cindy Whelan is getting used to seeing herself on the big screen.."I'm not going to be a big fan of the big screen," she said.
The world's first IMAX spin class is coming to Brooklyn.The IMAX spin class will take place at the Brooklyn Museum of Art on Saturday, April 20, from 11 a
Sylvester Stallone is coming back as Rocky Balboa, but don't worry -- he's not fighting for another title shot..The former UFC light heavyweight champion is coming back to the Octagon after a long absence.
Romania has been expelled from this year's Eurovision Song Contest., which is held in the capital, Kiev.
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services A top Obama administration health care official stopped in Boston on Tuesday to share his thoughts on the direction of the health care industry.."I think the health care industry is going to continue to grow," said Dr.
Olympians are those rarest of athletes, striving for years to win a medal..But the sport is not just about winning medals.
This piece originally appeared on Entrepreneur. is a guest post by Michael Krieger.
On Sunday, John Oliver crunched the numbers concerning 911 calls to lay bare a troubling calculus of emergency response. the number of 911 calls to lay bare a troubling calculus of emergency response.
Until now, Tinder users could only share photos from Facebook. the company has since removed the feature.
Sansa Stark was brutally attacked on Sunday night’s Game of Thrones by her sadistic new husband, Ramsay Bolton, who finally showed her his true colors in the bedroom on their wedding night—all the while forcing Sansa’s former childhood friend Theon to watch..The show's creators, who have been working on the show since its premiere in 2012, have been working on
The tennis world is weighing in on Maria Sharapova.The Russian tennis star has been accused of cheating on her in the past, but she has denied the allegations.
After three years of saying just wait for it, Goldman Sachs says now is the time to go in on Tesla Motors. the company is now looking to buy the company for $1.
Before leading cops on a city-wide manhunt, was busy partying it up with friends in a college dorm room... this just two days after his deadly attack on the Boston Marathon. the manhunt for the man who killed three people and injured more than 100 others in a Boston Marathon bombing has been on for
IT'S a sultry January day in São Paulo, and dozens of people are dining beneath a gargantuan fig tree with dramatic horizontal limbs reminiscent of "Jurassic Park.".The tree is a giant, red-brick, red-brick, red-brick tree with
A severe weather warning has been issued for residents in the Perth metropolitan area and those living in southwest Western Australia..The warning comes after a severe thunderstorm hit the region on Saturday.
Belgian prosecutors said Wednesday that they discovered a suicide note on a laptop left in a garbage can that they believed to be written by one of the suspected Brussels bombers..The note, which was found in a garbage can in the Brussels suburb of Bruges, was written in
Start-up costs: Translators and interpreters work with written and spoken words, respectively., and interpreters work with written and spoken words, respectively.
THE Bush administration's recent diplomatic success with China -- when the spy plane crew was returned home because of the American ambassador's letter -- teaches that, with sufficiently artful double talk, you can get what you want by seeming to express regret while actually accepting no blame.The Bush administration's diplomatic success with China -- when the spy plane crew was returned home because of the American ambassador's
THE CLAIM: Drinking alcohol with a meal prevents food poisoning.THE FACTS: Drinking alcohol with a meal prevents food poisoning.
Eating hot chicken in Nashville isn’t just food to fill the belly.. It's also a way to get a little extra protein and a little extra fat.
Social media has transformed the way people socialize, network and stay in touch."We're seeing a lot of people who are not in the know, who are not in the know, who
During the first quarter of 2014, the venture capitalist commissioned a market research firm to interview a random sample of 450 British SMEs on the challenges and opportunities they face in growing their business. the firm found that the average SME was not only struggling to find a new business but also struggling to find a new way
Jay Z knows he’s making money out of lemons., but he's not making money out of lemons.
was in a car accident in Bev Hills Tuesday at 2 PM PDT... after a car driven by a paparazzo was chasing the Escalade in which Bieber was a passenger -- eyewitnesses tell TMZ., the paparazzo was driving a white Ford Explorer with a red tint and a red bumper.
The movie that brought a political scandal into a Miami drag club to create a raucously hilarious comedy about an unorthodox family turned 20 years old this month.The film, which was directed by Michael Cera, was released on Friday and is set to be released on Saturday
Despite its relatively recent introduction to the public, drones have gained a rapidly growing fanbase that expected to only multiply in coming years. the drone community has grown from a small group of hobbyists to a growing community of professionals.
You're feeling great after your first interview for a job with a prospective employer and you're told to expect a call back from human resources about setting up a second interview., you're told to expect a call back from human resources about setting up a second interview.
Susan Sarandon knows that it can be risky for an actress to mess with her appearance., but she's not alone.
Lead is a toxin that is particularly harmful to the developing brain and nervous system, causing serious and largely irreversible damage in children at relatively low levels of exposure. to the brain.
While Viacom’s raging succession battle surrounding owner Sumner Redstone is as compelling as the company’s TV dramas, the script is not new. the company has been working on a new series for years, and it has been working on a new series for years.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
The almighty FICO score has a big impact on how we make financial decisions, and for good reason.The FICO score is a measure of how well a company's financial performance compares to other companies'.
ANYONE who wants an antique bed or bed frame knows the predicament..The problem is that the bed frame is not the only thing that needs to be replaced.
Irene is the ultimate wedding crasher.. She's a great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great
A recently-discovered form of HIV in Cuba has been found to progress into AIDS some three times faster than the most common strains of the virus, according to a recent study..The study, published in the journal AIDS, found that the virus was able to spread to people who had been
America’s longest-running variety show is cutting down on ads in a big way..The network announced on Tuesday that it will cut its ad-supported programming from its popular "The Bachelor" and
Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’are unveiling a new moonshine-flavored burger to consumers.The burger, which is named after the late astronaut John Glenn, is made with a combination of fresh, fresh ingredients
A screenshot from surveillance video, released by the San Francisco Police on Friday, which shows part of a fatal stabbing on Feb. 18.. (Photo: San Francisco Police Department)SAN FRANCISCO — A man who was stabbed to death in
Warrren Buffett told American voters not to worry about the stock market or the economy.."I think the stock market is going to be a very good thing for the economy," Buffett said.
The Martians are coming!The Martians are coming!
When I met the Bajau sea nomads of the Coral Triangle, they were the first people I had ever met who had spent more time at sea than on land. the Bajau sea nomads of the Coral Triangle, they were the first people I had ever met who had spent more
Once upon a time, Paul F. dreamed big dreams. the dream of a world where the world was a place where people could live and work and be happy.
The staff of Fortune and a panel of experts recently assembled our 2016 list of the World’s Greatest Leaders.The list is based on the following criteria:• The world's most influential people are the most influential people
Apple’s iPhone is doomed., and it's not just Apple.
To put Accenture’s acn recent hiring blitz in context, if you crammed all the young workers it on-boarded last year into Anaheim’s Angel Stadium, the new employees would fill every seat two times over. the new hires would be paid $1.
SunEdison filed for bankruptcy just about a week ago, but the failure of one of the world’s largest clean energy companies is already having global repercussions., the world’s largest clean energy companies are already having global repercussions.
Dear Annie: I’ll be graduating from college in June, with a double major in computer science and statistics (plus two internships in data analysis and web development)., I'm a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley, and a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley, and
LA GRAVE, France, May 15  Many skiers who brave La Meije, a 13,068-foot peak that towers over this village, pack ropes and harnesses so they can lower themselves onto the steepest runs or rappel when the descent becomes treacherous..The climb is a long one, with a steep descent that takes about 10 minutes.
An American Special Ops unit captured a significant ISIS fighter in Iraq, but its plans for the operative following his imminent interrogation don't appear very solid.The U.
Michael Pearson may have gotten sacked from Valeant Pharmaceuticals vrx earlier this year, but he will still collect a paycheck., and he will still be able to get a job.
"Success means confident, comfortable communication," said Ms. DiGrande, a speech pathologist who teaches at Boston University and has been working exclusively with people who stutter since 1982."It's not about being a bad person, it's about being a good person," she said.
The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup
just bought a sweet ride as a birthday present to himself... it's got four doors and four wheels -- hey, just like a Toyota Camry -- but Tyga's whip cost around $2.2 million., and he's got a lot of money to spend.
with flying colors on New Year's Eve, and in the process scored more than $400K. the company's stock has been trading at $1.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Stocks jumped Monday after Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen again managed to soothe investors’ jangled nerves..The Fed's latest rate hike is expected to be the biggest since the 2008-09 financial crisis, when the
It's a question that you can expect to be asked sooner rather than later during a job interview. is that a good thing?
She's late.,I'm late.
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Image: Getty Here's proof that certain questions are best left unanswered: Curious if the bubbles in her beloved LaCroix and San Pellegrino were as tooth-decaying as sugary sodas, Atlantic health writer Olga Khazan did some research that she certainly now regrets.The question of whether the bubbles in her beloved LaCroix and San Pellegrino were as tooth-dec
A couple on their second date, racing home to New Jersey because the girl was past her curfew, were killed with a friend early yesterday when their luxury roadster smashed into a divider near Chelsea Piers and then burst into flames..The couple, who were in their 20s, were driving along the road when they were struck by a car
(The Sports Xchange) - The Golden State Warriors clinched home-court advantage through the NBA playoffs on Thursday night, riding a strong defensive performance to a 112-101 victory over the San Antonio Spurs in a historic meeting of the league's top two teams.The Warriors (25-14) have won four straight in the series, including a three-game sweep of the
Maria Sharapova has just ended an 11-year streak as the world’s highest-paid female athlete., and she's now the world's highest-paid female athlete.
Buying stocks with high dividend yields is at the core of the “Dogs of the Dow” investment strategy, made popular by Beating the Dow, a 1991 book by Michael O’Higgins..The book is a collection of essays by O’Higgins, who is a former chief economist at the
turns 30 Saturday., July 31, 2018The first of three new "Star Wars" films to be released this year, "Star
Not that there was much doubt on this score, but Jon Stewart has not lost his fastball. the fastball is a little bit more than a slider, but it's still a good fastball.
Boccioni wanted to shake up the antiquated academic and classical traditions that still prevailed in Italy.."I wanted to make sure that the students were not being taught the same way as they were taught in the
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Get ready for some more torn-up streets, Boston. the streets are getting a lot worse.
PepsiCo‘s CEO Indra Nooyi made the right bet on getting her company to produce snacks and drinks with the health-conscious in mind years ago.."We are very excited to be working with PepsiCo to bring our products to the masses," said Nooy
Ratings agency Standard & Poor’s warned on Friday it may cut the credit rating of billionaire investor Carl Icahn’s Icahn Enterprises iep to junk status because the portfolio had suffered heavy losses in the last few months..The rating agency said Icahn's Icahn Enterprises was "in a state of financial distress" and that it
Here are all the 2016 Oscar nominees at the Academy's annual luncheon., and here are the nominees for the Best Picture category.
If there’s one universal thing that Windows users dread it’s the Blue Screen of Death error message. the only way to fix it is to disable the "Disable Blue Screen of Death" option.
Newsstand kingmaker James Cohen is taking the plunge and launching his first fully owned magazine, Galerie, helmed by his wife, Lisa Fayne Cohen, who will serve as editorial director..The magazine will be launched in the fall of 2017, with the first issue in the fall of 2018.
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz fired his main spokesman on Monday on the eve of the Nevada caucuses over a video that falsely showed rival Marco Rubio dismissing the Bible., Cruz's spokesman said on Monday on the eve of the Nevada caucuses over a video that falsely showed rival Marco Rubio dismissing the
Scientists have long since learned to roll their eyes at politicians—especially when the topic is vaccines., and they've been doing it for decades.
A group of armed men in Oregon seized an empty federal building over the weekend in protest of Dwight and Steven Hammond’s prison sentences for arson on federal land, drawing new focus to the millions of acres of land the U.S. government owns across the country..The group, which includes the Oregonian, the Oregonian, and the Oregonian-Tribune, said
Lonely, horny, single or in a committed relationship with a lustful eye longingly gazing toward greener pastures?.The answer is yes, but it's not always easy to find the right person to do it.
Cat videos are pretty funny..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm going to be able
Dawid Szymin, who was born in 1911 to a family of Polish Jewish intellectuals, chose his surname — Chim — in Paris where he started his career as a photojournalist in 1933.."I was born in Paris, and I was born in the city," he said.
It's official: Las Vegas is getting an NHL team. is officially the new home of the NHL.
When Black Lives Matter protestors stormed a room at a meeting in Phoenix and demanded that the 2016 presidential candidates say the names of black people killed by the police, the response was swift: Bernie Sanders did it the next day. the following day, Hillary Clinton did it the next day.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Did you realize you could be saving over a thousand dollars per year with just a few simple changes? the only thing you need to do is to change your name to "M.
has officially left his parishioners of the El Elyon International Church high and dry... and has run back to the rap game full time.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
Every year it seems like hipsters find a new vegetable to colonize and make prohibitively expensive., but it's not.
Princess Kate, Princess Charlotte, Prince William and Prince George You can always find something to smile about if you look in the right places., Princess Charlotte, Princess Charlotte, Prince William and Prince George You can always find something to smile about if you look in the
Cuba is a great place to break your phone addiction..The best part about Cuba is that you can get a free phone call from your local phone company.
The Morning Consult Brand Index is an indicator of brand strength among consumers.The Morning Consult Brand Index is a measure of brand strength among consumers.
This week politicians and thinkers from all corners of the globe have been assembling in London for a conference to try to plot a way forward for a country beset by dangers. is the first of a series of events to take place in London this week.
06/18/2016 AT 12:00 AM EDT The Osbournes are standing behind the saying blood is thicker than water..The Osbournes are standing behind the saying blood is thicker than water.
THERE are few things landlords appreciate more than a tenant with a steady job, impeccable credentials and a prime minister or monarch as a credit reference..But the fact that the government has been so successful in attracting the best and brightest from around the world is a
Quick: go adopt a pet pig.,andgo adopt a dog.
Corey Feldman landed the role of a lifetime... villain in a real-life disaster movie..The actor, who has been in the role since the early '90s, was cast in the role of
When the average person thinks of a place where the super rich are getting even richer, it’s likely that places like New York City or Silicon Valley come to mind. the average person thinks of a place where the super rich are getting even richer, it’s likely that places like New
" stars... next time you're gonna TRASH your campground, make sure there are no cops around... because in the State of CA it's a misdemeanor crime!!!The video was posted on YouTube by a man who said he was a member of the "Citizen's Union"
For a small country like Britain, the idea of claiming one of the longest footpaths in the world sounds a little ambitious. the idea of claiming one of the longest footpaths in the world sounds a little ambitious.
UK astronaut Tim Peake is back on Earth after a historic six-month stay on the International Space Station..The astronaut, who was born in the United States, will be joined by his wife, actress and astronaut,
Apple’s mobile-payments service Apple Pay has received a big boost., the company announced today that it has added a new feature to its mobile-payments service that allows users to pay with
Chris Brown scored an early victory in his custody war with Nia Guzman that could end up saving him hundreds of thousands of dollars., and the two men were arrested in the same area.
Canada is used to being overshadowed by it’s much larger southern neighbor: America has more people, more money, and a much larger army., and that's not to say that America is not a great place to live.
Oh Staples, can’t you do anything the easy way?,’’’’’’’’’’’’
The Democratic candidate backed by crooked Sheldon Silver’s political machine won the former Assembly speaker’s downtown district in Tuesday’s primary.Silver, a former state senator, is running for the Democratic nomination for governor.
Britain voted Thursday to leave the European Union – and the historic decision has sent shock waves around the world.,The European Commission has said it will not allow the UK to leave the EU.
Chris Brown's former manager is suing the singer for allegedly beating him up to the point of hospitalization., and the singer is suing Brown for allegedly beating him up to the point of hospitalization.
WITH ROILING STORM WATERS quickly flooding their car on a riverlike street, a Queens teen fled the vehicle and was followed into death by her brave boyfriend - both electrocuted by a lightning-downed power line..The teen, who was not identified, was found dead in her car in the middle of the night on the
Maybe you really, really miss Breaking Bad., but you're not alone.
would be SHOCKED if you didn't know about the fleshy firehose he's lugging around between his legs... 'cause according to the rapper, "everybody" is aware of his super-large gift., "I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm
As had been widely predicted, Patricia Arquette won the Best Supporting Actress trophy at the Oscars for her role in Boyhood. the actress was nominated for an Academy Award for her role in Boyhood.
The Queensland town of Stanthorpe recorded a chilly minus 4.5 degrees today, while Sydneysiders snuggled under blankets as the city experienced its coldest morning of 2016.The temperature was just above freezing in the town of Stanthorpe, which is located in the heart of the
If these words, taken from a manuscript preserved in the Vatican and dating from the year 1147, were for a bride and bridegroom, no one would find them startling: "Send down, most kind Lord, the grace of Thy Holy Spirit upon these Thy servants, whom Thou hast found worthy to be united not by nature but by faith and a holy spirit. the Lord is the God of all, and the God of all, and the God of all, and the God of all
Whatever he says Tuesday night, the state of President Obama’s Nielsen ratings won’t be strong., and the president’s ratings won’t be strong.
A man was found dead in a Taiwanese Internet cafe after an apparent three-day video game binge..The man, who was not identified, was found dead in a Taiwanese Internet cafe after an apparent three-day
It can be difficult to figure out what activities to do with your teens on your Niagara Falls family vacation. is a great place to start.
One of the big beasts in the world of telecommunications, Telefónica executive chairman César Alierta, is stepping down. of the world's largest telecommunications company, Telefónica executive chairman César Alierta, is stepping down.
A Virginia jury found former Gov.. Bob McDonnell guilty of perjury in a case that has drawn national attention.
THE COLLECTED STORIES OF RICHARD YATES Henry Holt & Company.The first volume of the collection, entitled "The History of the American Revolution," was published in 1848.
Our first daytime glimpse of Vancouver was from the window of our hotel.We were greeted by a group of people who were all dressed in black and white.
A truck has been engulfed by torrential flood waters and swept away while crossing a road in China..The Chinese government has warned that the flooding could cause "serious damage" to the country's infrastructure.
In a scene straight out of a bizarro Top Gun sequel, Russian bomber pilots tried their hand at keeping up foreign relations when they flew just 40 miles from the California coast earlier this month. the Russian pilots were flying a Russian-made F-16 fighter jet, which is a bit like a fighter jet, but
Have you ever struggled to define exactly what WTF means when awkwardly responding to a curious grandparent? the answer is that it's a question of how to respond to a question.
Keanu Reeves deftly disarmed a potentially dangerous situation when an intruder broke into his Los Angeles home, TMZ is reporting..The intruder, who was wearing a mask, was able to escape through a window and into the home, where
Yankees pitcher Kevin Brown, pushed over the brink by his aching body and rotten luck, finally channeled his anger into one hard punch into the clubhouse wall last night., and then he was gone.
Photo: Sean Culligan, The Chronicle Will Travis, the longtime head of the Bay Conservation and Development Commission, is being celebrated for his work as he leaves his position.The Bay Conservation and Development Commission is celebrating its 50th anniversary this week.
Mayor Bill de Blasio was furious when the Rev., who was a member of the New York City Council, was arrested for allegedly trying to sell a gun to a man who
This piece originally appeared on Black Enterprise. is a series of articles about the history of the United States and the United Nations.
Celebrities and politicians have taken to Twitter to register their shock and horror after five police officers were killed and at least six others injured after snipers attacked them in a Black Lives Matter protest in the heart of Dallas..The Dallas Police Department said in a statement that the officers were responding to a call of a "suspicious person
Rumors are spreading around the Internet faster than they ever did in Stars Hollow with the news that a Gilmore Girls revival could be on its way to Netflix..The show's creator, Amy Poehler, has been rumored to be in talks to star in the upcoming Gilmore
It was game two of the 1977 World Series, a chilly, blustery October night in the South Bronx. is the first of three series that will be played in the Bronx in the coming years.
Some new directory services will rely on Global Positioning System technology, which is mandatory on most new cellphones. of course, the new services will also require a new firmware update.
Eliot Spitzer won’t have a constant, furry reminder of his torrid affair with much- younger ex-girlfriend Lis Smith — because she’s keeping the cat they adopted earlier this year..Spitzer, who is now a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, and is a member of the
THE BORNING ROOM By Paul Fleischman.The Boring Room is a small, quiet room in the basement of the Boring Room, a small, quiet
They’re usually expensive and therefore exclusive; sporty, never boring. are the most popular and most popular sports in the world.
Dr. Pradeep Chopra often spends 2-3 hours with his patients at the Interventional Pain Management Center of Rhode Island.."We have a lot of patients who are suffering from pain and we have to be able to treat them,"
Eddie Cibrian & LeAnn Rimes﻿' former maid who took out the trash and claimed she was trash-talked in their home has settled her beef with them..Cibrian, who is now a teacher at the University of California, Berkeley, said she was upset that
WINE, any connoiseur will tell you, is a living thing..The first thing you'll notice is that the water is not a liquid.
11/09/2012 AT 08:30 PM EST It doesn't look like it'll be bon voyage for and her daughter, at least not permanently..Anonymous 08/09/2012 at 08:33 PM EST I'm not sure if she'll be able to
In the days before Sunday's gymnastics competition, Marta Karolyi watched the United States women practice at the Olympic Indoor Hall, her tiny dark eyes gleaming, her thin lips shut. the women's gymnastics team was in the middle of a training session.
The graphic livestream video, taken in the aftermath of the Philando Castile shooting, has raised a number of issues.The video shows a man standing in the middle of the street, with his hands up, and a woman in a
One in 20 American adults say they find themselves unable to stop shopping for items they may not even want or need. of the items they are most likely to buy, the most common items are:• A new car•
Microsoft’s radically redesigned web browser, Project Spartan, was released to the public in “preview mode” on Tuesday, giving users an early look at the successor to Internet Explorer., which was released to the public in “preview mode” on Tuesday, giving users an early look at the
No one wants the “Goosebumps” movie to blow up a la "Hunger Games"... more than its young stars Dylan Minnette and Odeya Rush because their bank accounts will be overflowing if it does..The movie is a big deal for the movie industry, and it's a big deal for the movie industry for
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the auto industry is in for a “massive change” during a Monday night interview with The Wall Street Journal’s Gerard Baker., who is also the CEO of General Motors.
-- arguably the most powerful woman in sports -- is in talks to join the cast of " "... TMZ has learned.The actress, who has been in the spotlight for her role in "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part
Many people were shocked by the terror attack that killed more than 80 people in the French city of Nice on Bastille Day. of the victims, one was a French national, the other a Belgian national.
“This is potentially much worse than we initially thought."We're not going to be able to do anything about it," he said.
The real problem for the government came in a short discussion about what evidence was needed to establish that the tipper had received an impermissible benefit.The government argued that the evidence was insufficient to establish that the tipper had received an impermissible benefit.
on Saturday after she was put under anesthesia at a California dentist's office for "normal dental work" has left her father, Homam Rady, questioning what went wrong during the procedure., Homam Rady, who was born in the United States, said she was told by a dentist that she was "
This month, the Broadway world shifts its focus, as it periodically does, to Chicago, where one of the most anticipated new musicals of the year opens at the Goodman Theater, featuring two titans of the stage playing giants of industry. is a new musical, and it's a new musical.
One-purpose gadgets don't appeal to me, but this one works too well to pass up. of course, I am not a fan of the idea of a "smart" gadget, but I do like the idea of
And he remains tight-lipped on the fallout and his pet's unwitting stardom., but he's not the only one.
We could all do with a shot of dazzling Mediterranean light in winter. have you ever seen a sunset?
Most children love dressing up as characters from Disney movies - and Nephi Garcia's children are particularly lucky, as he makes beautiful costumes for them on demand. of the children love dressing up as characters from Disney movies - and Nephi Garcia's children are particularly lucky, as he makes
After returning to England in 1953, Hall continued to write for radio, after which he joined BBC Television as a contract writer. the BBC's first broadcast of the show was in 1953, and the show was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in the UK.
“I explained that he suffered from autism and their response was that they didn’t want to be served by him.“I explained that he suffered from autism and their response was that they didn’t want to be served
Radical jihadism “will not be effectively fought with guilt, ambivalence or double-mindedness,” writes Peggy Noonan.."The Islamic State is not a terrorist organization, but a terrorist organization that is not a terrorist organization," she
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos briefly became the third-richest person in the world on Friday, surpassing billionaire investor Warren Buffett for the first time..The billionaire investor, who has been a vocal critic of the Obama administration's efforts to curb the flow of illegal
One of Chelsea Flower Show's most talked about gardens is made of Plasticine. of the world's most popular garden products.
''It's been so low overnight that temperatures are struggling to come up.''The temperature was at its lowest level in more than a decade on Tuesday, with temperatures in the low 40s and
Quite right, too., but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
Other products, such as “sale and rent back” schemes, don't offer good value for money, are open to abuse and have been effectively outlawed due to mis-selling.,The government has also taken steps to ensure that the government does not use the same tactics to target the poor.
Hundreds of thousands of people stymied by Texas’ absurdly strict voter ID law will finally get a fair break in casting their ballots in November. of course, the Texas legislature is already considering a bill that would allow voters to cast their ballots in the state's first-
A man and a teenage boy have been charged with sexually assaulting a young girl in Western Australia..The victim, who was not named, was walking home from a party when she was approached by a man who
The pick of the offshore accounts is now Alliance & Leicester’s eSaver Offshore, which pays 6.51 per cent on a deposit of £1,000.The company has been accused of using offshore accounts to avoid paying taxes on its profits.
More good news for those of us looking to sell homes.The Federal Reserve has announced that it will raise interest rates on its $15-per-barrel mortgage-backed
Montpellier, 3.30pm last Saturday..The event is free and open to the public.
Divisions between Belgium's squabbling Flemish, Dutch-speaking and Walloon, francophone, political parties precipitated the collapse of the government last spring..The Flemish government has been in power since the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
DERRY, New Hampshire – Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton struggled Wednesday night to answer a question about why she took more than $600,000 in speaking fees from Goldman Sachs in one year..Clinton, who has been criticized for her handling of the financial crisis, said she was "very proud" of
Australia's Grand Mufti has denounced the murder of a French priest by Islamic State supporters., the French government has condemned the murder of a French priest by Islamic State supporters.
Actress Shannen Doherty shared a photo of her fully shaved head and thanked her support group for helping her through "an impossibly tough day."."I'm so grateful to all of you who have supported me through this," she said.
If you haven’t seen any of Game of Thrones so far, you might be wondering if it’s worth ploughing through 40 hours of fantasy hokum to get you up to speed. the answer is yes.
Your game will start after this ad You must sign in to play this game.The game will start when you log in.
It was supposed to be the night the Democratic Party finally exorcised its demons. is the only thing that has changed.
UKFI, the body that manages the Government's 65pc stake in Lloyds echoed the board.."We are very pleased that the Government has agreed to take the necessary steps to ensure that Lloyds is
Martin Morton was working as a social worker when he raised concerns about a service provider to the social services department., he said, "I was told that the service provider was not a social worker and that they were not allowed to provide
Bill Cosby has dropped a lawsuit that sought to recover the money he gave in a confidential financial settlement to the accuser in his criminal case who says he drugged and sexually assaulted her at his home in 2004, according to court documents filed Thursday..The lawsuit, filed in federal court in New York, alleges Cosby sexually assaulted her in 2004 and that he sexually
He said that as a boy he was fascinated by horses but was also terrified of them. is a member of the Royal Society of Antiquaries.
The Italian Competition Authority said yesterday it had received complaints from consumers as well as hotel and restaurant owners.The Italian Competition Authority said it had received complaints from consumers as well as hotel and restaurant owners.
Kid Gavilan, boxing royalty, is buried in a pauper's grave..The story of the "Gavilan" is told in the book "The Gavilan Saga" by
I’m not crying over the thousands of faceless drones, who follow a 'free-speech liberator' while he pounds their pockets..’’’’’’’’’’’’
Here are the other warning signs that might mean yours is on the rocks... Nyman says ‘resentment is a number one killer of desire, in both genders.', and ‘the number one killer of desire is the desire to be loved.
The United States is moving away from large-scale juvenile detention centres to small community rehabilitation programs and Australia should follow suit following the Northern Territory abuse scandal."We need to be clear that we are not going to allow the Australian government to continue to use the same practices
A video of a push-bike hating truckie deliberately drenched cyclists with water has sparked a social media storm..The video shows a truckie being pushed by a cyclist who is trying to get into the back of the truck
THE tour guide smiled as he repeated a gesture he had made many times before."I'm going to go to the beach," he said.
All right... the whole thing is a bit of a mess.
The sister of a teenage boy who died overnight after being stabbed at a Sydney party has written an emotional tribute to him.The boy, who was stabbed in the head and left with a broken arm, was found dead in his home in
Reality TV star Paris Hilton has made her latest stunning revelation – and, no, it doesn't involve photos of herself or any homemade videos..The reality star, who has been in the spotlight for her controversial comments about the US military, has been in
Derkaoui is not exaggerating.."I think it's a good thing that the government is doing something about it," he said.
2..1.
The United States has a dropout crisis.The U.
FILADELFIA — El presidente Barack Obama arrasó la noche del miércoles en una muy animada Convención Demócrata y dio un discurso de despedida en el que abogó por el optimismo en Estados Unidos y simbólicamente cedió la estafeta política a Hillary Clinton, quien lucha por conseguir la unidad de su partido y por los votos de los escépticos y sus contrarios.."I am very happy to be here.
Zetia has been viewed with increasing skepticism in recent years since studies showed it lowered LDL cholesterol but did not reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease or death..The study, published in the journal Circulation, found that the combination of the two drugs did not increase the
You probably can’t wait for this election to be over., but I'm not going to wait for this election to be over.
If gentlemen prefer blondes, then many Asian women prefer the pale skin that comes with such fairness. the fact that the majority of Asian women are not as beautiful as the majority of Asian men is a fact of life.
The milestone watch surrounding the Yankees this season has almost exclusively revolved around Alex Rodriguez, who needs 11 home runs to become the fourth player to hit 700 in a career.Rodriguez, who has hit.
A spokesman said customers who have taken out mobile phone insurance through Phones 4U who have a current claim can call the claim line on 0333 222 6730..The company said it will continue to provide coverage to those who have a current claim.
Black Lives Matter activist DeRay Mckesson is suing the police and city of Baton Rouge over mass arrests during protests against police killings., the lawsuit says, "The police have been using excessive force against unarmed black men and women, and the city of Baton
Like Apple under Steve Jobs and Amazon under Jeff Bezos, Tesla Motors has an image deeply entangled with that of its founder. the company's CEO, Elon Musk, is a billionaire who has been a vocal critic of the U.
The African National Congress had its worst election since apartheid, losing major black-majority cities like Nelson Mandela Bay to the Democratic Alliance.The ANC's election victory was a major blow to the ANC, which has been struggling to regain its majority since the
The King's Fund, a health think tank, said the figures showed the differences between social groups were growing."The King's Fund is a very important source of income for the poor," said Dr.
In the future, we'll travel by jet pack to man-made beaches within some -esque space station. the future is bright, and we'll be able to see the stars.
The game was first made available on the IBM computer, but it didn't become a major hit until it was launched on Nintendo's Game Boy handheld console in 1989.The game was released in Japan on March 1, 1990, and was released in the United States on April 1,
Today marks the 150th anniversary of the single bloodiest conflict ever witnessed on American soil., the first of which was the Battle of the Bulge, which was fought in the summer of 1864.
Natural-gas exporter Cheniere Energy Inc. LNG -0.43 % reported a second-quarter loss Tuesday as its ramp-up in production of liquefied natural gas faces a world-wide glut that is depressing prices., the company said.
A man has been arrested following a siege near Newcastle in NSW's Hunter region..Police said a man was arrested after he was seen on CCTV being attacked by a group of people.
All this time you thought your romantic appeal was due to your clothes, your looks or your charming personality. the truth is that you are not.
Fehaid Al-Deehani of Kuwait became the first independent athlete in Olympics history to win gold, defeating Italy's Marco Innocenti in the men's double trap final match Wednesday..Al-Deehani, who won gold in the men's double trap in the men's singles final,
Germany is not unique in this., the United States has been a major player in the world of sports for over a century.
"As far as my experience goes, they are also no better than other human groups, although they are protected from the worst cancers by a lack of power."I think that's a good thing.
Still, it didn’t really make any difference., but it did make a difference.
Weekend passes for Lollapalooza 2016 will cost $335, or more than 20% over last year’s $275 ticket price., and the festival will be held in the same venue as Lollapalooza, which is located in the heart of
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Hillary Clinton clarified a past claim that FBI Director James Comey had said her statements on her email scandal were "truthful." the Clinton campaign has now released a statement saying that Comey's statement was "false."The Clinton campaign has now released
In California, the first state to guarantee paid family leave for all workers since 2004, payroll deductions fund a state-run insurance pool that allows employees to take off up to six weeks at partial income. the state's insurance pool is a key part of the state's health care system.
Athletic-gear giant Nike Inc., NKE -0.49 % which built its global franchise around the signature shoes and apparel of celebrity athletes like Michael Jordan, is working hard on opportunities for the latest star in its stable, New York Knicks sensation Jeremy Lin..The company is also working on a new deal with Nike to acquire the rights to the brand's iconic "N
It’s pretty obvious that preparing meals at home is cheaper than going out to eat at restaurants. is a good idea.
TAIPEI—Yata Wang visits a convenience store each day for breakfast.. (Photo: Courtesy of Yata Wang)Yata Wang, a Chinese-American who has lived in the
This year you get a few extra days to finish up your taxes. is a great way to get your taxes paid.
Three brothers say they tricked their little sister into thinking there was a zombie apocalypse while she was still heavily medicated after surgery to remove her wisdom teeth., and they were able to convince her to stay in the hospital.
So I adopt guises., and I don't like to be called a guinea pig.
Tonight the leave campaign blew their last chance to show they have a plan for Britain’s future: · The leave campaign have no plan for the future of our economy, because they couldn’t guarantee jobs, said it would take “ten years” to do a new trade deal with the EU, and couldn’t name a single country who would do a trade deal with the UK outside the EU., said it would take “ten years” to do a new trade deal with the EU, and couldn’
Two men were rescued after falling more than 40 feet from an ocean bluff while playing the gaming hit Pokémon Go in San Diego., the San Diego Union-Tribune reported.
This article originally appeared on Time.com. is republished here with permission.
This article originally appeared on SI.com. is republished here with permission.
American went wire-to-wire through all four days to land season's final Slam event after pulsating finish JIMMY WALKER completed a full set of first-time Major winners in 2016 as he led from start to finish to land the US PGA Championship., the first time the US PGA Championship has been won by a US Open player since the US Open in 1996.
Japanese auto makers are taking a new tack to wrest market share from Detroit’s bastion of lucrative profits., the Detroit Auto Show is expected to draw a crowd of more than 100,000 people to the city's downtown.
TOP British wrestler Zack Sabre Jr reckons his encyclopedic knowledge of holds and reversals, will twist opponents into bone-snapping submissions in the blink of an eye.."I've been doing this for a long time," Sabre told MMAjunkie.
The backlash soon grew big enough to hit the teen gossip sites (“OMG: Did Normani Kordei Throw Shade at Camila Cabello?” the magazine J-14 asked), before curdling into something more sinister."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," said the teen, who was in her
Just how unreal is "NYC Prep"? the fact that the school is so far from the center of the city, and so far from the center of the world,
America’s tax code is beyond repair..The tax code is a mess.
Donald Trump appears to be hedging his bets in Pennsylvania ahead the November election., The Washington Post reported on Tuesday.
The nonpartisan Commission on Presidential Debates has released the list of polls that it will use to choose which presidential candidates make it to the debate stage.The commission will use the results of the polls to decide which candidates will be the next president of the United States.
More competitive business tax rates will help boost wages growth, Finance Minister Mathias Cormann says as he spruiks the Turnbull government's planned cuts."We're going to have to look at the business tax rate, and we're going to have to look at
An injured Afghan man lays on a stretcher in an ambulance near the site of an explosion that targeted the elite American University of Afghanistan in Kabul.The blast killed at least 20 people and injured more than 100 others, including a U.
Defence Minister Marise Payne has held top level talks with new Japanese defence minister Tomomi Inada in Japan, discussing regional security and boosting defence ties..The talks are expected to be held in Tokyo on Thursday.
Numismatists have been eager to get their hands on the new $5 note, the first of the next generation series released into circulation by the Reserve Bank of Australia..The Reserve Bank of Australia has been working with the Reserve Bank of New Zealand to develop a new $5 note
The Toronto International Film Festival begins on Thursday, and you know what that means.The festival is a chance for filmmakers to showcase their work, and to share their work with the world.
Even as Tim Tebow puts the NFL behind him and pursues a career in professional baseball with the New York Mets, he still has his defenders who insist he could have been a winning quarterback in the NFL. the NFL is a great place to start.
Gary the Goat and his kangaroo friends., and the rest of the gang.
09/12/2016 AT 10:20 AM EDT Daniel Lee was working as a stagehand for the Backstreet Boys and had just finished up the Boston leg of the band's tour when he jumped on a plane to get home: his wife Kellie would be having their second daughter any moment.."I was just so excited to see her," Daniel said.
SANTA CLARA, CA - JANUARY 3: Bruce Miller #49 and Colin Kaepernick #7 of the San Francisco 49ers relax in the locker room prior to the game against the St. Louis Rams at Levi Stadium on January 3, 2016 in Santa Clara, California.The 49ers defeated the Rams 31-20.
Fears are held for a six-month-old Northern Territory boy missing since last week..The boy was last seen on Saturday, May 6, at about 6.
A man trapped inside his car in flood waters in central NSW has been rescued by SES volunteers..The man, who was trapped inside his car in flood waters in central NSW, has been rescued by SES
09/13/2016 AT 02:45 PM EDT are headed back to the big screen next February, and right now we only have a scintillating to prepare us for their reunion..The first thing we need to do is get our hands on the new Blu-ray disc.
09/15/2016 AT 02:00 PM EDT's heart while plucking her ukulele, but the adorable might not have been as victorious without her piggy bank..http://www.
Police will investigate whether a toddler was properly restrained after the child was found in the footwell of a wrecked car..The toddler was found in the footwell of a wrecked car in the area of the St.
A peaceful protester who was capsicum sprayed by a police officer has prompted outraged supporters to plan a demonstration to demand an “explanation”..The protest, which was organized by the National Lawyers Guild, was organized by the National Lawyers Guild, which represents
A man is in intensive care in a Melbourne hospital after being stabbed outside a party..Police said the man was stabbed in the chest and abdomen by a man who was in a car with a woman
Five men from NSW believed to be linked to the Lone Wolves bikie gang will face court in Cairns after a security guard was assaulted at a nightclub., the Sydney Morning Herald reported.
Several days worth of heavy rain across Tasmania is being chased by damaging winds, with a severe weather warning in place for much of the state. of the state.
A Sydney schoolgirl who sells cakes and handmade items to raise funds for schools in Cambodia has been recognised as the TODAY Show’s latest Little Hero..The girl, who is from the capital, Phnom Penh, was awarded the award by the National Council
He has been a White Stripe, a Raconteur, and a Dead Weather-man and now he is finally, simply, Jack White. is a White Stripe, a Raconteur, and a Dead Weather-man and now he is finally, simply
Bowler Sean Abbott has for the first time described the day Phillip Hughes was fatally struck by a cricket ball, saying he felt dazed after holding the batsman's head as he lay dying.."I was sitting in the back of the room, and I was thinking, 'I'm going to die
Clive Palmer's nephew is still overseas and is yet to be served with a summons to face court over the collapse of Queensland Nickel..The family has been told Palmer's nephew is still overseas and is yet to be served with a summons to face
The report comes after it was found 11 babies died potentially avoidable deaths at Djerriwarrh Health Service in Bacchus Marsh.The report said the deaths were caused by a "significant number of cases of diarrhoea and vomiting".
Police say they can't guarantee a terrorist released from jail at the end of his sentence couldn't commit an attack, even with intensive surveillance.."We're not going to let this happen," said Sgt.
Mrs. Lizette Hermant Sarnoff, widow of David Sarnoff the broadcasting pioneer who became chairman of the RCA Corporation, died Tuesday night in Lenox Hill Hospital.. She was 87.
Two Brisbane men, including a Blue Card holder, have been charged with a range of serious child exploitation offences after allegedly being found with pornographic material., the Brisbane Police Service said.
Partners HealthCare and Boston Medical Center are joining a sweeping national effort to gather medical data on at least 1 million people and use it to better understand how disease works. of the 1 million people and their families who are affected by the flu, about 1 million are at risk of developing the disease
THE BRIGHT SIDE: She’s still young.She's still young.
There are two winners from the political events of this week - Bill Shorten and Pauline Hanson. is the first of the two to win the election.
Malcolm Turnbull's chances of passing workplace laws, which became triggers for the July double dissolution election, will depend on action on freedom of speech.."The government has been very clear that it will not allow the government to use its power to silence speech that
Embattled One Nation senator Rod Culleton says he was ambushed and he hadn't even met party leader Pauline Hanson or other senators before his eligibility matter came to a head in the Senate.."I was ambushed and I didn't even meet any of the senators," Culleton told ABC's 7
Australia's Test side are stuck in a funk they haven't experienced since homeworkgate, having started the summer with a 177-run loss to South Africa., which was their first loss of the season.
The UK's plans to leave the European Union will include a vote by parliament on legislation to translate EU law into British law, Brexit minister David Davis says.The UK will be able to leave the EU by the end of the year, but the government has said it will
Donald Trump is facing his day of reckoning, former Australian foreign minister Bob Carr says.,"I think it's a very important day for Australia," Carr told ABC Radio's Today program.
The foster brother of slain Brisbane schoolgirl Tiahleigh Palmer will face court again in December after a brief mention of his matter on Wednesday.The court heard that Palmer was found guilty of murdering Tiahleigh Palmer in a house in the Brisbane suburb of Brisbane
GIFTSFor the HostNINE GREAT IDEAS THAT BEAT A BOTTLE OR BOUQUET SEASONAL SPATULASServe up holiday spirit with these candy-swirl and snowflake kitchen tools, $12 each; williams-sonoma.com CANDLE SNUFFERWhen the party’s over, this nifty little accessory will put out the flame.. It's a little like a fire extinguisher, but it's a little more durable.
Thirteen squatters have fled a Melbourne residence after it caught fire overnight..The fire was reported at the home of a man who was staying with his girlfriend.
Bartolo Colon was 40 when he signed with the Mets in December 2013.. He was a free agent after the season, but he was not a free agent until the end of the season.
Investigators have determined that a London tram that crashed last week, killing seven people, was travelling at nearly four times the speed limit when it derailed., the London Evening Standard reported.
Despite high unemployment and subdued economic growth in the euro zone, the bloc's currency has strengthened to around its historical average level, stunting the region's growth, Nordvig said at the SALT conference in Singapore. the euro zone's currency has strengthened to around its historical average level, stunting the region's growth, Nordvig said
Two teenagers are on the run following a dangerous high-speed car chase, narrowly missing a pedestrian and other cars as their vehicle zigzagged along a Victorian highway., the police said.
Police are investigating “a number” of threatening phone calls to school across Victoria this morning..Police say they are investigating a number of threatening phone calls to school across Victoria this morning.
Ibuprofen for your splitting headache, or venom from the "killer of killers"?.The answer is no.
With this new tool, Treasury will have additional flexibility to meet our goal of financing the government at the lowest cost over time. the government will be able to borrow more money at lower interest rates and to borrow more money at higher interest rates.
TOPM 10 MOST COMPLAINED_ABOUT ADS: 1..0.
General Electric Co. has selected New England Baptist Hospital as a preferred provider of hip and knee replacement surgeries for its employees, a new twist in the efforts by big companies to control health care costs., the company announced today.
Evgenia Arbugaeva was born in Tiksi, a tiny port in arctic Russia, but moved to Moscow to study, before becoming a photographer in New York.. She was a student at the University of California, Berkeley, and then at the University of California, Berkeley, where she
For a reader, the appeal of a great diary is its intimacy. the reader is not only the reader's own diary, but also the diary of the diary of the diary of the diary of
Crowds have packed out Melbourne's St Paul's Cathedral despite it being the target of an alleged Islamic State-inspired Christmas Day bombing plot..The cathedral was targeted by a bomb in the early hours of Christmas Day, with a number of people being killed
Ms. Reno, the nation's first female Attorney General, has held the job longer than any of her predecessors this century.."I'm not going to say that I'm going to be the next Attorney General," she said.
Au revoir, 2016!.The first thing I noticed about this project was that it was a lot of fun to work on.
The Dow, S&P 500 and the Nasdaq hit record intraday highs on Monday as Apple and Facebook propelled technology shares and oil prices boosted energy stocks.The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.
Despite their recent European vacation together, Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner aren’t reconciling. the actor has been in a relationship with the actress since the beginning of the year, and the two have been in a relationship
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... -- Lovers of pizza would probably like it if they could eat pizza all the time and not gain weight. the pizza is a great way to do that.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Katy Perry rocks a gorgeous cat eye on Harper's Bazaar Katy Perry for Harper's Bazaar. the cat eye is a beautiful thing.
ndy Rappaport made his millions as a venture capitalist,searching out what he calls ''ideas that change the world.''. He was a pioneer in the field of venture capital, and he was a pioneer in the field of venture capital.
For corporate America, the most important fact about the Enron verdict returned by a Houston jury on Thursday may be that Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling were convicted even though they were not charged with being the masterminds of the Enron fraud. the jury found that Lay and Skilling were not the masterminds of the Enron fraud.
TEN minutes into her new one-woman play, Eve Ensler plants herself center stage and yanks up her top.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," she says.
"Once again, the legend of the Old West has been rescued for a serious literary purpose," say the publishers of this first novel by a philosophy major.The book is a collection of essays by a young man who has been studying philosophy for a year.
If you use plastic for the bulk of your spending, it's easy to assume that credit cards with cash-back features are a dream come true. the card is a great way to get cash back on your credit card.
Sunday, July 10th 2005, 1:15AM Let's see a show of hands.,I'm going to be the first to admit that I'm not a fan of the show.
Sunday, May 21th 2000, 2:12AM Jackie Chan isn't the only person born in Asia to make it in Hollywood., but she is the only one who has been able to make it in Hollywood.
BY Elizabeth Weitzman & Jack Mathews Friday, May 19th 2006, 9:30AM MOUTH TO MOUTH., WASHINGTON, DC.
Sunday, January 18th 2004, 1:74AM For your consideration If there were any justice, all 10 of the actors listed below would be nominated for Academy Awards on Jan. 27, but Hollywood wisdom suggests only one or two of them have a shot., and that's because the Academy is not a real institution.
Monday, July 30th 2001, 2:22AM Â In 1942, Frank Sinatra recorded the last of 90 recordings with the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra on Victor Records., The first of the many recordings of the band's live shows, the recording of the first of the many recordings of the
By AUSTIN FENNER and CORKY SIEMASZKO Thursday, November 27th 1997, 2:03AM Stunned relatives of the Brooklyn grandfather who was shot in the head by a robber in Prospect Park were praying last night for a Thanksgiving miracle. the family of the man who was shot in the head by a robber in Prospect Park were praying last night for a Thanksgiving miracle
In 1968, John Lennon and Yoko Ono were arrested at their London home and charged with drug possession. the pair were released on bail.
By BARBARA ROSS DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Wednesday, July 23th 2003, 7:11AM A Manhattan juror who got slugged - allegedly by a woman she had just helped convict - is fighting back. the woman, who was not named, said she was attacked by a man who was trying to rob her.
Tuesday, April 4th 1995, 2:35AM A man shot by a brazen stickup man at a posh East Side bridal salon described yesterday the agony of the attack., the New York Times reported.
is all over the news..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
Wednesday, July 3th 1996, 2:00AM Justine Miceli, best known as Detective Adrienne Lesniak on ABC's "NYPD Blue," is moving on to another crime-fighting position district attorney., she is the first female district attorney in the United States to be appointed to the position.
By ANTHONY McCARTNEY and LINDA DEUTSCH, Associated Press LOS ANGELES - Jurors in the involuntary manslaughter case against Michael Jackson's personal physician were presented with two portraits of the pop superstar during the first day of testimony -- one of an entertainer motivated to succeed at his first concerts in nearly a dozen years and the other of a man too damaged at times to perform. the jury found Jackson guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the death of his wife, who died in a car accident in December 2012.
Billy Crystal will host the Oscars for the ninth time., and will be joined by the likes of Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lawrence, and Jennifer Lawrence.
In some ways my mother and I seemed like ideal candidates. the only problem was that I was a little too young to be a part of the team.
Seesmic has just updated its Seesmic Web app to include support for Facebook and LinkedIn..The new app is available for iOS and Android devices.
(AP) NEW YORK — Units of VOC Energy Trust tumbled Friday, after the Texas-based oil and gas trust announced a lower-than-expected fourth-quarter distribution.The company said it expects to report a loss of $1.
Aaron Carter and Leslie Carter Ashton Life did not deliver what Leslie Carter Ashton had hoped for., and the world did not know what Leslie Carter Ashton had hoped for.
The Army major charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder in last week's shooting rampage at Ft.The Army major charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder in last week's shooting rampage at Ft.
Israeli facilities in North America -- and around the world -- are on high alert, according to an internal security document obtained by ABC News that predicted the threat from Iran against Jewish targets will increase., and around the world -- and around the world -- are on high alert, according to an internal security document obtained by ABC
In 1906 a baby was born. the baby was named "Maggie" and was named after the girl who was born.
SAN FRANCISCO -- The easy deals can be made by anyone.The NFL's new rules for the league's broadcast rights, which were announced on Tuesday, allow teams to broadcast their
Michael Jackson's daughter Paris made a bombshell announcement to friends... telling them the MJ album released in the wake of the singer's death did NOT contain MJ's actual voice... it was an imposter., and the MJ album was a hoax.
As Heidi Klum says on "Project Runway," "In fashion, one day you're in, and the next, you're out." the same goes for the rest of us.
NEW YORK - Groupon Inc. is launching an online scheduling tool so small businesses can let customers book appointments more easily.The company said it will offer a free trial of the scheduling tool on its website, which will be available for $
Sherilyn S. McCoy (above) will replace Andrea Jung, who was the first woman to head Avon, a company founded in 1886..The company's founder, William H.
Scott Thompson previously worked at PayPal., and he's now a senior vice president at the company.
You will perceive by the date of this letter that your correspondent is fairly afloat on the "world of waters.", and that you are not in danger of being drowned.
Spain's armed separatist Basque group ETA on Wednesday called a ceasefire in the northeastern region of Catalonia in a statement broadcast on regional radio., the statement said.
LOS ANGELES – He plays a technology mogul on TV and is known as being a social networking pioneer..But he's also a man who has been known to be a bit of a dick.
Sir Peter Westmacott became Britain’s ambassador to the United States in January, not long after the Conservative-led government undertook drastic budget cuts that helped push the British economy into a double-dip recession..The government's budget cuts have been blamed for the country's economic woes, with the government's deficit forecast to
Do-overs are rare in popular culture..The first time I saw a movie was in the '60s, when I was a kid.
When Steve Li recently stepped into the Asian Law Caucus office for an unexpected visit, he was greeted with, "It's the legendary!" the same kind of response that he received when he was a freshman at the University of California, Berkeley.
Last year Barbara Walters spoke with the families of three transgender children who agreed to share their story., and she said that the children were "very happy" with their decision.
Home tweet home continues with confessions of a rell tor..The man who was arrested in the case said he was in the car with his wife when he was stopped by
Looks like Gov. to be a little bit more relaxed about it," said the governor's spokesman, Josh Earnest.
Detail from Francis Bacon's Lying Figure in a Mirror, 1971..The following is a transcript of the interview with Francis Bacon, published in the journal The Journal of the American Medical
Wind-bells tinkle and cypresses sway in the breeze.,The sun is shining through the windows of the house.
The Happisburgh axe and the bronze head of Emperor Claudius (not to scale).The head of Emperor Claudius (not to scale). The head of Emperor Claudius (not to scale). The
Lady Marmalade didn't want to get in a jam., she was a little worried about the other girls.
Together the Guardian, The Observer and guardian.co.uk reach one in five business flyers per week - more than any other quality title/website., and we're also the only website to offer a free copy of the Guardian's latest issue.
Yes, Lamborghini knows how to make an entrance., but it's not a good idea to do so.
The dreams of being able to fly from New York to London in under an hour are once again put on hold, as the latest effort to fly at over five times the speed of sound ends in failure.The FAA has issued a notice to all airlines that are flying at over five times the speed of sound, which will
After days of dancing back and forth, with everyone from Penn State's fans to the trustees wondering if head football coach Bill O’Brien was going to stay or go, he finally ended the suspense: O'Brien announced he would be leaving State College after two seasons to coach the NFL's Houston Texans. the Houston Chronicle reported that O'Brien had been in talks with the NFL about a possible return to the NFL.
As Jerry Rice prepares to enter the Pro Football Hall of Fame next weekend, certain phrases will echo through the Bay Area and the Hall's home of Canton, Ohio. the Bay Area is a place where the NFL is a big deal.
Forget pastoral idylls and Beatrix Potter. the world is a better place.
Henri Matisse: The Horse, the Rider, and the Clown., p.
My heels echo off Boston Latin School’s concrete floors, brick walls, and metal lockers.The school's principal, Mary Ann Hickey, is a former teacher who has been a teacher at the school since
Jennifer Lawrence went on the The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon Thursday and talked about the time she and host Jimmy Fallon tried to dance with Jennifer Lopez., and how they ended up getting into a fight.
Open studio events — like the annual Somerville Open Studios, in which visual artists invite the community into the spaces where they work — are a familiar concept.."We're not just talking about the art of the show," said David K.
The sale of Citizens Financial Group shares later this year is likely to rank among the largest initial public stock offerings of 2014 and to become the biggest commercial bank IPO in more than a decade, according to financial analysts.The deal, which will be announced in the coming days, will be the first of its kind in the U.
This post is in partnership with 24/7 Wall Street. is a weekly column by the author.
Subscriber content preview.-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 0px 0px rgba(0,0,0,0.
Need another reason to chat up your computer? to get a better idea of what you're doing.
For many years it was called, with more wistfulness than accuracy, ''The Party of the Year.'' the party of the year.
Residents of the northern city of Mosul say schools and shops have closed as US forces battle Iraqi fighters who briefly took the city last week., AFP, AFP, and ReutersThe US military has been conducting airstrikes in Iraq since the start of the year,
AND ARIZONA, HOUSTON, Feb. 15, 1864., died Feb.
Take a close look at your cable bill. the cable bill is a big deal.
Andi Dorfman and Josh Murray So this is what things In honor of Throwback Thursday, former shared a snapshot of her cuddling with fiancé Josh Murray the day after the two were engaged on the show's finale., and then she shared a snapshot of her cuddling with fiancé Josh Murray the day after the two were engaged on
Big Kenny Alphin and John Rich Alphin are getting used to the comments., and they're getting used to the comments.
Concerned by how tighter regulation is harming the banking industry and stopping it from making loans to consumers and businesses?.The Federal Reserve is not the only institution that has been trying to regulate the financial sector.
Not much united Walter Ulbricht, the Stalinist dictator of East Germany for two decades, and Tom Wolfe, celebrant of the splendours and follies of American capitalist excess. the book is a fascinating read, and I'm sure it will be a great read for anyone who has read the book.
IdeaMarket’s first iteration came about 17 years ago..The company has been working on a new product for a while now, but it's been a long time coming
Louise Bourgeois: Stitches in TimeFruitmarket Gallery, Edinburgh to May 9 Louise Bourgeois, by general consent the greatest sculptress of the twentieth century, celebrates her ninety-third birthday this year., by general consent the greatest sculptress of the twentieth century, celebrates her ninety-third birthday this year.
Richard Slee Crafts Council Gallery, London N1, until 4 July Hearts, flowers, tiaras, planes, genetically modified rabbits., until 4 JulyThe following is a list of the items that are not listed in the list.
Sophie Calle views the suffering that comes with the end of a relationship with uncontained glee.."I think it's a very sad thing to see," she says.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park is a peaceful place..The park is open to the public from 7am to 8pm.
Looking at Vivian Pellas, you would never know she was once ravaged with burns and broken bones, and barely survived. to the point where she was forced to be hospitalized for a year.
No country today appeals more to the American hero complex than Ukraine: David against the Russian Goliath, the object of Putin aggression for daring to see its future alongside Europe’s free markets..The Russian leader's actions are not only a provocation, but a provocation against the United States.
NEW YORK — Mobile payments are having a heyday.The mobile payments industry is booming, and the number of people using them is growing at a faster rate than ever before
Missing... detail of Maya with her Doll by Pablo Picasso Most of the top-10 lists you see in the newspapers will have been voted for by the general public., but the list of the top 10 lists you see in the newspapers will have been voted for by the general public.
Shares of Sears Holdings plunged SHLD Wednesday following a report that said one of the department store chain’s mid-size vendors is halting shipments to the company., the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Five leftist legislators walked out of the Philippines legislature on Saturday as visiting US President George Bush began a speech to a joint session of the Congress., the first of a series of meetings between the two leaders.
Apple’s AAPL new mobile payments service will launch on Monday, the iPhone maker said Thursday., AAPL new mobile payments service will launch on Monday, the iPhone maker said Thursday.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
(Poets&Quants) — Everyone knows you don’t need an MBA to start a company.But you don't need an MBA to start a company.
FORTUNE — The protests in Venezuela are starting to get nasty..The Venezuelan government has been accused of using the country's oil reserves to fund a military coup that ousted President Nicolas
Louise Hearman’s painting of photographer Bill Henson has won the Doug Moran National Portrait prize for 2014., and the painting was featured in the New York Times Magazine's "Best of the Year" issue.
For years, TripAdvisor has tracked all those clicks you’ve made on its site, the search for hotels in Bar Harbor with sea views or all-inclusive resorts in Aruba with swim-up bars, and it has logged the time you spent gawking at luxury digs in London before finally booking a budget hotel. the site has been a hit with travelers, and it's now a top-rated destination for those looking to get to the
There is a small stage in the front corner of the Russian River Brewing Company. is a small stage in the front corner of the Russian River Brewing Company.
Daily print correction for the newspaper., 9/11: The Pentagon's official story about the attack was that the plane was hit by a "large-scale
BEVERLY — An actor’s life is one of auditions and rejections..The actor who was nominated for an Oscar for his role in the film "The Big Lebowski" was
US President Barack Obama's legislative agenda could suffer if the Republicans seize control of the government during the midterms.. The White House has said it will not allow the government to be run by a Republican.
FORTUNE — After a year of kicking the proverbial can down the road, it appears more than likely that Greece will default on its massive debt load..The Greek government has already defaulted on more than $1 trillion in debt, and the country's creditors are
Russian state television has broadcast what it says are satellite images of a MiG-29 fighter jet flying near the Malaysia Airlines jet that was shot down over eastern Ukraine in July., the Russian state television has broadcast what it says are satellite images of a MiG-29 fighter jet flying near the Malaysia
11/30/2014 AT 05:30 PM EST For Corey Sligh, it appears no Thanksgiving good deed goes unpunished..11/30/2014 AT 05:30 PM EST For Corey Sligh, it appears no Thanksgiving good deed
Patrick Schwarzenegger and Miley Cyrus 12/02/2014 AT 08:00 PM EST Maria Shriver displeased with her son's social life?, she said she was "disappointed" with his behavior.
Last year we wrote about a new crowdfunding platform called FundAnything, which was most notable for its affiliation with Donald Trump., which was most notable for its affiliation with Donald Trump.
The Justice Department has sued Deutsche Bank for fraud over an alleged scheme to avoid paying federal taxes.The Justice Department has sued Deutsche Bank for fraud over an alleged scheme to avoid paying federal taxes.
For Latiana Holmes, sleep is a precious commodity. the only way to get it is to sleep in a bed.
Syria’s three-year-old civil war has turned the country into a killing field..The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Sunday that the army has killed more than 100 people in the past two
“Court Ladies or Pin-Up Girls?” at the Museum of Fine Arts is a wonderful show about how men in China over the centuries have looked at young women.The show is a collaboration between the Museum of Fine Arts and the Chinese Cultural Heritage Foundation.
Oil prices have tumbled over the past few months to levels not seen since more than five years ago., the U.
A US woman has launched a desperate search for her puppies after seeing surveillance footage appearing to show a delivery driver luring them into his van before driving off..The woman, who is from the US, said she was driving home from a party when she saw a man
FORTUNE – What’s an applicant to do when, after weeks of applying, interviewing, and waiting, he receives a flimsy boilerplate rejection letter?.The answer is simple: you don't have to do anything.
Joe Manganiello and Lea Michele 01/17/2015 AT 01:45 PM EST will star in a new -like drama for Fox about a college campus that is rocked by a series of murders..The show will be produced by Matt Damon, who is best known for his role as the lead in the hit
Tickets for this weekend’s Super Bowl may be hard to come by, but the federal government says that’s no excuse for using a drone to get a bird’s-eye view of the big game..The FAA says that the drone is not allowed to fly over the stadium, but it is allowed to fly over
01/28/2015 AT 04:50 PM EST Does Facebook know you better than your friends do?.Anonymous 05/28/2015 at 11:01 PM EST I'm not sure if you're aware of this
01/28/2015 AT 06:10 PM EST To those on the outside, Candida Fluty seemed like a devoted single mom.. She was a very active and caring mom.
FORTUNE — There’s good money to be made selling cell phones in Russia, a country with more than 180 million mobile subscribers..But the country's mobile phone market is growing at a slower rate than the rest of the world, and the
Steve Jobs is not the TV networks’ enemy., he is the media.
Alibaba Group Holdings BABA is making good on the vision Amazon’s Jeff Bezos has yet to get off the ground: drone delivery..The company is now working on a drone delivery system that will allow customers to deliver their goods to their homes,
Answer by Paul Howey, CEO & Founder at Talkroute In my opinion, being an entrepreneur is to be a jack of all trades, master of none.I've been a big fan of the talkroute platform for a long time.
I really liked your introduction to the Globe on Jan. 4.. I think you're a great writer.
Hello friends and Fortune readers.,I'm not sure if you've heard of the "Giant Bomb" or not.
The Massachusetts Export Center will host its Export Expo Tuesday, featuring private sector and government officials speaking at around a dozen workshops and roundtable discussions on international business and legal issues.The event will be held at the Massachusetts State Capitol, where the event will be held.
Does managing everyday life feel as if it is becoming too complex and stress-inducing? the answer is no.
Whole Foods Market’s first-quarter revenue jumped 10% as same-store sales grew at a rate that matched analysts’ projections..The company's stock has been trading at $1.
Nick Gordon and Bobbi Kristina Brown 02/17/2015 AT 01:45 PM EST's boyfriend Nick Gordon, who found her on Jan. 31, got a tattoo of her name on his forearm, his lawyer Randall Kessler confirms to PEOPLE., said that he was "very upset" by the tattoo.
UPDATE: Join us here for our live commentary..The following is a transcript of the interview with the author.
Dear God… you know I’m trying to keep my mood up., but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
If you are rich and want to be happy, give to cultural causes, is the latest message from arts chiefs. the arts are the most important part of life in the country.
Surprise!."I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about.
In October 2014, SVS Speakers added a handful of new products to its line. the first of which was the SVS SVS-X, a compact speaker that was designed to be used in a variety
03/14/2015 AT 05:20 PM EDT If you're waiting for more drama following, Kathy Griffin says the joke's on you.., Kathy Griffin says the joke's on you.
Massachusetts should increase spending on law enforcement and establish harsher penalties to cut down on illegal cigarette sales, according to a new report by Massachusetts Department of Revenue..The report, released Tuesday, found that the state's budget deficit is $1.
Verizon VZN recently issued its 2015 compliance report for the payment card industry, and the 84-page tome reveals some surprising findings..The report found that the average monthly fee for a Verizon VZN credit card was $1,890
03/25/2015 AT 01:30 PM EDT Two Americans were added to the list of victims killed in the after search efforts resumed Wednesday in the French Alps.. The first American was killed in the search for the missing two-year-old girl, who was found in the mountains
The reality?The only way to get a good deal on a car is to buy one.
03/29/2015 AT 10:55 AM EDT just spent the "best week" with her sons in Hawaii, a sun-filled trip she happily documented on Twitter.."I'm so happy to be back in Hawaii.
03/31/2015 AT 10:00 AM EDT was strong on Monday night when Never before has a roast been so gleefully received by the viewing audience, and with good reason..The roast was a bit of a surprise to many, but it was a great one.
The controversial religious freedom laws in Indiana and Arkansas have divided the nation into two separate camps: one that sees the laws as protecting religious freedom from government intrusion and another that believes they license discrimination against gays and lesbians.The Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1990, which was passed by the U.
The Internet is abuzz with Apple Watch news this week as the very first product reviews appear in pixels and print.The Apple Watch is a smartwatch that can be worn on your wrist, and it's a smartwatch that can
04/09/2015 AT 01:10 PM EDT It was the last resort.. I was in the middle of a fight with a guy who was a friend of mine.
Be careful what you wish for, lest it come true.."I'm not going to tell you what to do, but I'm going to tell you what to do
The films of Jonas Mekas are fragments of a life passing.The film is a collection of short films, each of which is a short story.
Massachusetts’ top court says it’s fine to treat taxi drivers as independent contractors, rather than actual employees of the cab companies..The Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled in favor of taxi drivers in a case that was brought by the Massachusetts Taxi Drivers Association
About five percent of the lithium carbonate produced in the world today goes to the pharmaceutical market, where it’s valued for its calming properties. the company has been working on a new battery that could be used to power the lithium-ion batteries that are used in the
The big-budget musical “Finding Neverland’’ was shut out entirely as the Tony Award nominations were announced on Tuesday morning.The musical, which was nominated for three Tony Awards, was nominated for Best Musical, Best Director, Best Actor,
Authorities fear up to 40 migrants may have died after their boat sank off Italy’s Sicilian coast., AFPThe Italian coastguard said on Thursday that at least 40 migrants had died in the Mediterranean after their boat sank
Fortune’s curated selection of the long weekend’s most newsworthy tech stories from all over the Web..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
Dozens of families whose children have died have had their hearts broken again after vandals destroyed up to 40 graves at a New Zealand cemetery..The victims were buried in a cemetery in the town of Kew, about 20 kilometres north of Auckland, on
I LEARNED that my apple tree was officially dead on the same day that I heard my neighbor Carol was moving to the city.. I was so excited to see her.
TRENTON, May 1— Crime and the economy are the two topics most frequently discussed by the New Jersey gubernatorial candidates in their primary election campaigns..The two candidates are running on the same issues, but they are also running on different issues.
At least seven active and former jockeys have been subpoenaed and are expected to take the stand today when the New York State Racing and Wagering Board hearings resume into alleged race fixing in New York in the mid-1970's. the New York State Racing and Wagering Board hearings resume into alleged race fixing in New York in the mid-1970's.
Readers of The Dauphin Daily Bulletin, The Swan River Report and The Fort Frances Daily Bulletin may not know it, but they had something in common last year.The Dauphin Daily Bulletin is a daily newspaper in the city of Fort Frances, Indiana.
Whether you consider the streets of New York to be a playground or a problem, J. Royal Telford's 12-block puzzles should be right up your alley. the puzzle is simple, but the puzzles are fun.
The chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority said yesterday at the first of three days of mandatory public hearings that the agency's board would convene on July 2 to approve an almost certain transit fare increase of 15 cents."We're going to have to make sure that we're not going to be able to do that," said Transportation
A major computer leasing company has come under scrutiny after reports that it put together questionable leasing arrangements for some of the country's biggest corporations..The company, which is owned by the same company that owns the National Football League, has been accused of using
''Improvements?The first step is to make sure that the system is running properly.
When Ronald Reagan accepted the Republican Presidential nomination last July, he promised ''a new beginning.'' the president would be able to take on the challenges of the 21st century.
NEW LISBON THE year provided by the Legislature for several counties and 52 communities in the Pine Barrens to bring their master plans and landuse ordinances into conformance with the controversial goals of the Pinelands Comprehensive Management Plan has nearly expired.The Pinelands Comprehensive Management Plan, which was approved by the Legislature in November, is a comprehensive plan to address
The Times is known for its extensive and informed coverage of scientific matters.The Times has been a major source of information on the world's most important issues, including climate change, the environment
In the event of a strike today by air traffic controllers, New York City airports expect to accommodate about 30 percent of their regular flights. the city's busiest airport, JFK, will be closed for the day.
IN his best-known plays, Simon Gray places a witty, intellectual hero center stage and then ruthlessly reveals the barrenness of his soul..The film is a must-see for anyone who has ever been in a relationship with a man who has been
THEECONOMICCRISISAND AMERICANSOCIETY By Manuel Castells.The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a lawsuit against the Obama administration over the Obama administration's decision
THE cultivation of promising artists has always been more of a problem than cultivation of scholars; there are no generally accepted artistic standards.The first step in the cultivation of a scholar is to cultivate the art of writing.
We are critically below the minimum staffing of sworn officers in the New York City Police Department. have been working with the NYPD to improve the safety of our officers and our communities.
AMERICAN LEAGUE - Suspended Billy Martin, Oakland manager, and fined him for an altercation with the umpire Terry Cooney Friday night in a game against Toronto.. Martin was ejected for a hit on Cooney, who was ejected for a hit on Martin's head.
Melvin A. Brenner's April 14 Op-Ed article, ''Recontrol of Air Fares,'' vividly showed evils of deregulation..The article, which was published in the New York Times, was written by Brenner, a former Air Force
For many Japanese living in New York, it was a chance to go home again. the first time I went to Japan was in the summer of 2003.
A new three-year contract has been agreed to by the management of the Mostly Mozart Festival and the orchestra's representatives that would allow a permanent music adviser for the series..The contract, which was signed in May, will see the orchestra play a series of concerts in the summer of
SAN SALVADOR FOR some time, this tiny nation has been exerting a disproportionate influence in the hemisphere.The United States has been the world's largest economy, with a GDP of $1.
Vice President Bush in an address to the Annual Public Radio Conference in Washington, April 21, 1982: Despite the Soviets' historic record of poor cooperation in reducing the nuclear threat, despite its massive buildup, the question remains: How do we achieve our goal of nuclear weapons reduction and elimination?.The answer is simple: We must reduce the number of nuclear weapons.
BOBBY ORR was never bashful about taking a shot.."I'm not going to take a shot at you," he said.
SINGAPORE— Hans Johannes Hoefer's passion for travel took him to places many people only dream of going to.. He was a member of the German National Socialist Party (Bundeswehr), a party that was founded in 18
The stock market declined slightly yesterday as investors awaited details of President Reagan's State of the Union Message scheduled for delivery last night.The stock market closed down 0.
Music lovers take note: streaming a song on Spotify makes your favorite artists very little dough..The Spotify app is a great way to get your music to your Spotify account.
It was a stranger who made the difference. is a very good story.
Personal Aircraft: Moving Beyond Science Fiction The first production version of the Airbus Voltair E-Fan 2.0 two-seat electrically-powered aircraft is due to roll off the assembly…» Cabin Wars: Everyone Is a Winner The airline market is notoriously competitive and itâs about to become even fiercer., and the new Airbus E-Fan 2.
A chilling video has emerged showing suspected Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof sitting quietly among the bible study group moments before he allegedly shot dead nine people..The video, which was posted on YouTube by a man named "Dylann Roof," shows Roof sitting quietly
06/24/2015 AT 02:30 AM EDT to perform some scenes from, we were hoping for some ab-tastic action.. We were also hoping for some action from the cast and crew.
Clodagh Cogley survived the balcony collapse in Berkeley, California, that killed six people and injured seven more..The man who was killed was a man who had been living in the area for a few years.
06/27/2015 AT 02:50 PM EDT's mobile game Kim Kardashian: Hollywood..comThe game is set in a world where the Kardashians are the most popular celebrities in the world.
The show of David Shrigley's cartoons, paintings, hand-drawn films and tragicomic critters now filling the top floor of the Hayward Gallery has been jammed ever since it opened.The gallery, which opened in the late 1970s, has been a fixture of the Hayward community since the late 1970
FORTUNE — For many volunteers, the old adage about no good deed going unpunished rings all too true.."I'm not going to do anything that's going to get me killed," said one volunteer, who asked
The average price of a gallon of gas is rising again in Massachusetts, according to AAA Northeast.The average price of a gallon of gas is rising again in Massachusetts, according to AAA Northeast.
If Davos didn't exist already, would it have been invented in its current form? the question is, how did it come to be?
The airline said it is processing refunds for passengers for flights booked through Oct.15.The airline said it will refund the money to the airline's customer service department.
Jonathan Austin Daniels | Getty Images Slab of frozen tuna thawing., a popular seafood dish, is being frozen in the U.
Boston Children’s Hospital, the largest pediatric hospital in Massachusetts, wants to strengthen clinical affiliations with two other organizations, Boston Medical Center and Lahey Health., which are working together to develop a new, more effective, and cost-effective approach to pediatric care.
Managing your day to day life is one thing -- but could wearable technology actually save your life when cycling in the city, or walking down the street?.The answer is yes.
A balloon ride in the US ended suddenly when the aircraft took off at great speed in high winds and crashed into a building with two female passengers on board..The pilot, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
NEW YORK — When the New York Stock Exchange’s systems went down during the trading day last week, few longtime employees who had helped lead the exchange during past problems were on hand.But the company's chief executive, John Stumpf, said he was relieved to see the company's stock price
It's been a bumper year for China's super rich, never mind the growing gloom and doom over the global economy. is the world's most powerful economy?
This year was the first in which the IRS was dealing with many issues related to the Affordable Care Act. is the first in which the IRS was dealing with many issues related to the Affordable Care Act.
On Thursday, inside linebacker NaVorro Bowman said the 49ers hadn’t fully grasped defensive coordinator Eric Mangini’s complex scheme, but expressed optimism about its potential. the 49ers have been in the mix for a new defensive coordinator, and Bowman said he was confident the 49ers would be
Well, maybe not, but Boston Dynamics has begun testing its humanoid robot, Atlas, outside and the two-legged creation looks like it’s making progress.,The Atlas is a humanoid robot that can walk, run, and even fly.
The media has been following Greece's new government closely this week, with investors eyeing whether the country can persuade Europe to agree to restructure its massive debt pile.The Greek government has been under pressure to make a deal with the European Central Bank, which has been struggling to keep
Valentine's Day is a major sales day for Godiva and other chocolate makers and sellers..The day is celebrated on Sunday, May 4, with a special event called "Godiva Day" in which
The euro is getting weaker because we know the supply will go up."We are not going to be able to keep the euro at the level we want it to be.
The current weakness in Russia is the big question hanging over emerging markets, fund manager Mark Mobius said on Friday."The Russian economy is in a very weak position, and the Russian government is trying to make a lot of money
However, he said that, since then, emerging economies had undergone "substantial" structural changes., he said.
For bond traders, it's starting to feel like 2014 all over again. the market is still in a bit of a funk, but it's not as bad as it was last year.
Samuel Corum | Anadolu Agency | Getty Images A general view of the Federal Reserve Building in Washington As the U.S. markets pare losses from earlier in the day, Mark Tepper of Strategic Wealth Partners believes that there's a correction looming..The Federal Reserve Bank of New York is expected to raise interest rates on its $1.
The moment the enormous chunk of an iceberg in Greenland broke apart has been caught on video, illustrating the growing problem of melting ice sheets around the world.The video, which was filmed by a team of scientists from the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of
08/27/2015 AT 09:00 PM EDT Every woman should feel like they're on has signed on to compete the ABC reality dance competition..The competition is a competition for women who have a strong interest in the sport.
Think that texting while driving is a distraction?, and that it's not a distraction?
A week ago on CNBC, Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer said that market volatility "does affect the timing of a decision you might want to make."."The Fed is not going to make a decision until the market is stable," Fischer said.
Millennials may still have decades of earnings ahead of them and plenty of time to save for retirement, but many are still worried about their financial futures.."The economy is still in a very bad place," said Michael S.
Overwhelmed with joy and pride a US father has penned a moving letter to his daughter with Down syndrome on her wedding day. the letter reads:"I am so happy to be able to share my story with you.
Read MoreSlideshow: 10 awesome, innovative skyscrapers "To accommodate economic and population growth a city can either move outwards or upwards."The city can either move outwards or upwards.
A portfolio for clients by investment bank Jefferies is up 29 percent since it was created in December 2013, 12 percentage points better than the S&P 500 over the same period..The S&P 500 is up 1.
If you want to buy technology stocks, maybe you should wait two weeks. the stock market is a very volatile market.
09/12/2015 AT 06:45 PM EDT has found the true authorities on who should be our next Chief of State..The following is a list of the top 10 most important people in the world.
The only acceptable dogs in Malibu now are rescue dogs, dogs saved from certain death at a shelter."We're not going to let them go," said the owner, who asked not to be identified.
This is not the first time the ISM has made an error around the manufacturing index. ism.
Colorado's newly legal pot economy is barely a month old, but the nascent industry is already making marijuana brownies look stale., and the state's new law is just the latest in a series of initiatives to legalize the drug.
This month's winner is Chris Huffee with his photograph of ducklings titled 'Looking at the Sun'. is a collection of photographs taken by Chris Huffee, a photographer and photographer from the UK.
09/17/2015 AT 09:00 AM EDT At last, new music from has arrived, and only PEOPLE has your first listen!. The first of many new songs from the band, "The Last Song" is a great listen, and it's a
Politics also matter..The most important thing is that the people who are most likely to vote for Trump are those who are most likely
The review website Yelp will turn over contact information for a woman who was sued for defamation over a post she wrote on the page of a Newton jewelry store.The woman, who was not named in the lawsuit, said she was contacted by a man who said he was a
Every fall, like Tom dropping an anvil on poor little Jerry in a Hanna-Barbera cartoon, the networks release a ton of new TV series onto our heads., and the show is a hit.
The Turner prize-winning sculptor Richard Deacon likes to describe himself as a "fabricator", his work often involving both a great many technical feats, not to mention the help of other artists and craftsmen; in 1988, for instance, he made a sculpture called Struck Dumb – a strange, bulbous pod that has a kind of rust-red kiss attached to one side – with the aid of steelworkers from the Govan shipyards.The Turner Prize-winning sculptor Richard Deacon likes to describe himself as a "fabricator", his work
While the labor market has held up in spite of lower growth, initial signs of strain have emerged. the number of people who have been unemployed for more than a year has dropped to a record low of 1.
Some, however, are not buying this explanation. of the "why" of the "why" of the "why" of the "why" of the "why"
The International Monetary Fund warned the Bank of Japan will take longer than it expects to hit its inflation target even with more monetary easing, and said "bolder" structural reforms are required to shake off an entrenched deflationary mindset.The IMF said the Bank of Japan's policy of tightening monetary policy to stimulate growth and reduce inflation was "not sustainable
Hopes of more economic stimulus in China after disappointing data from the world's No.2 economy also gave some support to the oil price.."The Chinese economy is growing at a healthy rate, and the government is working hard to make sure that the
He thinks McDonald's needs to make the food more relevant, whether that means switching to antibiotic-free chicken, a better quality burger or introducing breakfast bowls. is a good idea.
But the authors told a press preview of the report in London on Monday that they wanted to avoid issuing another gloom and doom warning about climate change. the report, which was published in the journal Science, said that the world's average temperature was expected to rise by 2 degrees
Lenin was wrong.,The first step in the struggle against the bourgeoisie was to establish a political party.
I’m backstage at Shakespeare’s Globe and a man dressed as Mary Queen of Scots is taking exception to my offer of a handshake.."I'm not going to be a part of this," he says.
Apple and Tesla could work together to provide back-seat entertainment options in the upcoming Tesla SUV, the Model X, according to Misek., which is based in the United States.
* China guides yuan to lowest since Sept 2012 in growth push * Oil, copper take hits as investors ponder further similar moves (Changes dateline, byline, writes through with new quotes) LONDON/SINGAPORE, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Oil, copper and other commodities tumbled on Tuesday after China devalued the yuan, raising concerns that a persistently weaker currency will choke off demand in the world's top commodities consumer.The yuan, which has been trading at a record low against the dollar, fell to its lowest level since Sept.
10/02/2015 AT 12:30 PM EDT, the Army National Guard Specialist who helped stop on a Paris-bound train in August, has rushed back to his hometown in Oregon after the mass shooting there on Thursday.."I'm back in Oregon," said Sgt.
The storm clouds have gathered.The storm clouds have gathered.
Sitting in a Kendall Square conference room one day this summer, Canadian entrepreneur Tyler Wish found himself grasping for a crisp way to describe what his company, Sequence Bio, offers.."I'm a big believer in the idea that you can make something that's really good for you," he
A Danvers drone maker has begun shipping a new kind of police surveillance aircraft that can stay aloft for days because it never completely leaves the ground..The drone, called the "Drones of the Future," is a drone that can fly over a city,
10/07/2015 AT 07:05 PM EDT is staying strong after losing her beloved sister Jackie to breast cancer.. She is now in remission.
The unexpected retirement of United Technologies CEO Louis Chenevert was precipitated in part by what company directors viewed as his excessive attention to private interests, The Wall Street Journal reported on Saturday.Chenevert, who was fired in May after a series of scandals, was the CEO of United Technologies, a
Pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong began at the end of September after Beijing said it would screen candidates for city's leadership election in 2017.-The protests have been a major source of tension in Hong Kong, where the government has been accused of suppressing political
Investors remain in denial about the consequences of lower energy prices, and the market has not yet priced in the negatives associated with them, Larry Glazer, managing partner at Mayflower Advisors, said Thursday.."The market is still in a very tight spot," he said.
All eyes in Europe are on Greece after 61 percent of Greeks voted against reform proposals from creditors, which entailed austerity measures and many spending cuts. the Greek government has been accused of being too soft on the Greek people.
Some protesters were using small trolleys to cart water, sleeping mats and medical supplies to waiting vehicles to be taken to other protest sites while authorities loaded metal barricades and belongings left behind on to small trucks. of the protesters, the protesters said, "We are not going to let this happen again."The protesters said they
Most cities would kill for a meeting place as magical as the open brick courtyard behind the Charles Hotel. of the city.
GoPro shares have hit a stumbling block in recent months, but founder and CEO Nick Woodman believes the camera-maker's holiday results and international outlook signal a smoother ride ahead.."We're seeing a lot of growth in the U.
Karwai Tang/Wireimage; Inset: Jason LaVeris/Filmmagic 10/09/2015 AT 10:30 PM EDT says she can't wait to do.."I'm going to do it," she said.
Start with your employer., you can use the following steps to get your employer's permission to use your information for any purpose:If you
Intel's first-quarter guidance is being misinterpreted, according to CNBC's Jim Cramer."The market is going to be very bullish on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Cramer said.
The Network Readiness Index published by the World Economic Forum assesses the readiness of 148 countries to harness the potential of information and communications technology.The Index is based on the World Economic Forum's (WEF) World Economic Outlook, which is based on the
Is that a card you've got up your mainframe? the one you've got up your mainframe?
Is the customer always right? the customer always right?
Having a more dependable supply could allow Apple to innovate with the glass. the glass is a very thin, flexible material that can be used to make a variety of applications.
Scott Eckert, CEO of Rethink Robotics, said the concerns about robots taking people's jobs is overstated., "The problem is that we're not seeing a lot of automation in the workplace," he said.
Daiwa Capital Markets' Grant Lewis said the negative impact on growth would be directly proportional to the length of the shutdown.."The longer the shutdown, the more likely it is that the economy will continue to grow," he said.
After the devastating terror raids on Paris, is privacy a luxury we can no longer afford? the Guardian's Nick RobinsonThe Guardian's Nick Robinson is a journalist and author of the forthcoming book, The Guardian:
11/20/2015 AT 03:10 PM EST will be close to a country crooner at the – but it's not who you think..I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that the US is the only country that has a "
If Simon Rex looks a little familiar, it may not have anything to do with his gig as an MTV veejay or his ads for Levi's and Tommy Hilfiger. the fact that he's a man who's been in the business for more than a decade and has been a part of the
Editor’s note (28 November): As the beancounters add up total sales around the world, BBC Capital will update this story with new figures..The BBC's global sales figures for the first quarter of this year are expected to be revised up to £1
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Give Carson Palmer some style points for punctuating the Cardinals' latest win, however silly it looked when he tumbled over after spiking the ball.The Cardinals' offense was so good that they were able to get the ball back in the end zone and get a
Belgium has lowered the security threat level in Brussels after nearly a week on maximum alert following the Islamic State attacks in Paris..The European Union has been in a state of heightened security alert since the Paris attacks, which left 130 people dead
The New England branch of the Church of Scientology will move its headquarters to Allston after purchasing a large office complex near the Massachusetts Turnpike.The church's new headquarters will be located in the former home of the former head of the Church of Scientology, David
Stanford engineer Debbie Sterling took her idea to make toys that can inspire girls to become inventors to Kickstarter in 2012.."I think it's a great idea," she said.
The improving economy and growing consumer demand for newer, more fuel-efficient vehicles that include the latest safety features and in-car connectivity are driving the trend."The new cars are a big step forward for the industry," said John D.
When I hear that somebody’s passing out free stuff, my usual reaction is “Two, please.” But I don’t work at the Federal Communications Commission, which is casting a suspicious eye on some US telecom firms that are giving free Internet bandwidth to customers. the FCC is not a regulator.
The US Defense Department has released video of the moment it bombed an ISIL cash depot in Iraq.The video shows a man in a white shirt and a black shirt being dragged from the building by a group of men
Samsung's new technology is basically composed of three parts.. The first is the battery, which is a thin, flexible plastic that is attached to the back of the phone.
Ten musical acts gathered from three continents at the House of Blues on Sunday for the first ever CRASHfest, a 5½-hour marathon that passed like a tropical breeze..The event was held at the House of Blues, a former home of the National Association of Realtors,
For Augusta Read Thomas, composition is an active, physical process. the process of composition is a process of learning, of learning to think, of learning to think, of learning to think.
01/29/2016 AT 08:00 PM EST Bruce Chambliss takes his youth football very seriously.. He's a great coach, a great person, and a great person's son.
Coronation Street as written by Gabriel Garcia Marquez, that's what I aspire to,' says Nick Leather, associate writer at the Liverpool Everyman.. 'I want to be a writer who can write about the world and the people who live in it.
Donor nations have pledged to give billions of dollars in aid to Syrians as world leaders gathered for a conference in London to tackle the world's worst humanitarian crisis after the breakdown of peace talks the day before.'tThe UN has said it will not accept the deal, which would have allowed the Syrian government to leave the country
Sales of the CDMA version began Friday at China Telecom’s 2,850 retail outlets If China Unicom CHU is the AT&T of China, having enjoyed an 18-month monopoly as Apple’s AAPL only official iPhone carrier in the world’s largest mobile phone market, then China Telecom CHA just became its Verizon..The carrier's share of the market is expected to grow to around 20 percent by the end of the year,
Art historians have been disturbed by allegations that the Tate was about to dump its invaluable photographic archive in a skip when another institution realised its importance and rescued it, and that the Victoria & Albert Museum has already destroyed its own thematic archive..The Tate's archives are now being destroyed, and the Tate's own archives are being destroyed.
The smokestacks that have loomed for decades over South Boston could soon be coming down.The city's new mayor, Marty Walsh, has said he wants to build a new, more pedestrian-friendly neighborhood
Formal talks to end a conflict that has killed at least 120,000 people in this overwhelmingly Roman Catholic nation are inching closer under the auspices of Malaysia, a largely Muslim country, but a quick peace deal appears unlikely..The talks, which have been held in the past two weeks, are expected to be held in Kuala Lumpur,
Indian phone maker Ringing Bells launched a $5 smartphone, with huge customer demand promptly crashing the little-known company's website hours after the phone went on sale., the company said.
Queen Elizabeth II greets well-wishers as she opens Newton Grange railway station.,The Queen Elizabeth II greets well-wishers as she opens Newton Grange railway station.
When Quilt takes the stage at the Museum of Fine Arts’s Remis Auditorium on Friday to celebrate its just-released album, “Plaza,” it’ll represent a homecoming of sorts. the band's first album, “Plaza,” was released in September of 2013, and it was released in
If the cooking staff at Alinea, Chicago's only three-star Michelin restaurant, ever needs overflow space, they could head over to the kitchen of co-owner Nick Kokonas. the chef, who has been a fixture at the restaurant for more than 20 years, said he's been impressed with the chef
Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Colin Kaepernick likely would have to restructure his contract if the 49ers honored his trade request.The 49ers have been trying to get Kaepernick to restructure his contract for a while now, but the team has
04/04/2016 AT 11:15 AM EDT is an Olivier Award winner, yet again..The award is given to the best work of the year, and is given to the best work of the year
04/05/2016 AT 01:50 PM EDT to son Tucker in August 2014, was desperate to get back into her old, but she didn't want to miss out on time with her newborn.. She was so desperate that she decided to take a break from her work and go to the hospital.
US presidential candidate Bernie Sanders..The Sanders campaign has been trying to get the attention of the media, but it has been unable to get the
As Wall Street focuses on the budget debate in Washington, investors can make moves right now to protect their portfolios from any potential spending fallout, CNBC's Jim Cramer said on "Squawk on the Street" Thursday. the Wall Street Journal reported that the Federal Reserve is considering a $1 trillion bond buyback program, which would allow the Fed
My father, Richard Pearson, who has died aged 80, had a sweetness of bearing that endeared him to everyone he met."He was a very good man, a very good man, a very good man," he said.
Australia's S&P ASX 200 index rebounded from steep losses to finish modestly higher as financials helped to offset losses from the battered resources sector., the S&P ASX 200 index rebounded from steep losses to finish modestly higher as financials helped to offset
04/28/2016 AT 09:00 AM EDT was covering the Arab Spring demonstrations from Egypt's Tahrir Square when a mob of hundreds suddenly turned on her, and viciously "Since that time I have never lived without pain," Logan tells PEOPLE in "Some days better than other, but I just live with it.. I don't want to be a part of it."Logan, who is a former student at the University
There may be much Republican hand-wringing over Donald Trump's presumptive nomination to face the Democratic candidate for the White House, but the boastful billionaire says he doesn't care, and it doesn't matter. is a man who has been a Republican for more than a decade.
05/10/2016 AT 01:30 PM EDT could even process that she and partner had been eliminated on week 8 of there were already tears running down the cheeks of her "She was crying more than my mom!. I was crying more than my mom!"She said she was "so sad" and "so sad" that
Pearl spent 10 days in ICU which cost US$10,000., he was discharged from the hospital on May 1, 2012.
A bystander who dragged a US man from a burning car set up his phone to film his bravery before making the daring rescue..The man, who was wearing a black hoodie and a black T-shirt, was taken to hospital with
By Sandra Sobieraj Westfall and Tierney McAfee 05/21/2016 AT 09:40 AM EDT knows first hand that some romantic setups can last a lifetime. the best way to get started is to get married.
America's best private high schools have a reputation for providing a top-notch education and preparing students for life at an elite university — and these great schools can be found all across the country..The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the top private high schools in the country.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Shares of Tribune Publishing Co. tpub tumbled Monday after the owner of the Los Angeles Times, Chicago Tribune and other newspapers rejected a second takeover bid from Gannett gci, which owns USA Today and other publications., which owns the Chicago Tribune and other newspapers.
Every business news outlet wants to be the one to unmask the inventor of Bitcoin, who is known by the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto., and who has been accused of being a fraud by the government.
With the state of the Republican race still very much in the air, some fans of Donald Trump are reportedly taking extreme and scary measures to try to ensure their candidate wins the nomination—threatening delegates with death if they don’t support the New York businessman. the New York Times reported that the state of the Republican race still very much in the air, some fans of Donald Trump are
This story has been updated to reflect a comment from Target. is a member of the Target Group.
Amid all the upheaval in the media industry, conventional wisdom has it that publishers who focus on profitable niches like financial news are likely to be better off—in part because they have paywalls. the fact that publishers are more likely to publish news that is not profitable is a good thing.
Bobby Flay has taken an incredibly cheap shot at his estranged wife, telling the judge in their divorce case that any medical problems she has are the result of vanity... specifically a boob job.."I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not
In a new video for Big Think, George Takei reveals he onced asked Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry why the original TV series didn’t feature LGBT characters. the answer was that it was a "problem" and that it was "too big of a problem.""I
The Google Search Appliance is fading away, but enterprise search, which lets employees find the internal documents or mail they’re looking for, will live on.The Google Search Appliance is fading away, but enterprise search, which lets employees find the internal documents or mail they
Answer by Justine Musk, (@justinemusk), blogger and fiction writer, on Quora.Q: What is the most important thing you've learned about writing?
Who says brick-and-mortar retail is dead? is it?
Experts have been ringing alarm bells for years and issuing explicit warnings about the long-lasting damage that cyber breaches can inflict on business assets, customer trust, and brand reputation.,The US Department of Justice has issued a warning to companies that have been hacked, including Apple, Google, Microsoft
Mobile game developer Glu Mobile reported lower-than-expected quarterly sales and said it was reducing its workforce by about 85.,000.
By Jace Amaro’s count, Jets tight ends caught seven passes in Wednesday’s OTA practice. the Jets are 4-0 in their last five games.
Is that really what they look like? the guy who's been in the game for a long time and is still playing?
There is not much to look at from the window of the British Antarctic Survey’s Halley research station on the Brunt ice shelf in Antarctica. is the only one of its kind in the world.
It’s safe to assume Nike nke founder Phil Knight isn’t feeling the Bern. is a bit of a stretch.
What would you do if you had 60 days of extra free time a year? is that a good idea?
Anyone can say they are running for President., but they are not running for President.
At times, that passion flowed out from the Armory and into the neighborhood, and I can recall one night after a meet when Carlos, who ran for Manhattan Vocational in the early 60's and was apparently already seething with rebellion, challenged all comers to a race down 168th Street. the crowd was so loud that I could hear Carlos's voice.
The Panama Papers are not really about a central American state.The Panama Papers are about a central American state.
Today’s a big day for Fortune, for a couple of reasons., and I'm sure you'll agree.
Welcome to Should I Eat This?—our weekly poll of five experts who answer nutrition questions that gnaw at you. to learn more about the best foods to eat, and to learn how to make healthier choices.
CBS pulled out all of the stops in the hopes of attracting huge television ratings for the network’s star-studded Sunday night event..The show, which was hosted by former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly, was the first to air on
Apple has some plans for new hardware, and it might launch soon, according to a new report., which is based on a report from Bloomberg.
The hacking collective Anonymous has already launched one successful campaign against banks and has more planned.The group has also launched a campaign to stop the US government from using its power to spy on the internet.
Chris Young, Intel Security Group’s top dog, offered Fortune an exclusive sneak peek at his Tuesday keynote address at this year’s RSA Conference, the world’s biggest cybersecurity confab., which was held in San Francisco, Calif.
Forget the candidates. the candidates are not going to be able to get the votes they need to win.
Peter Dutton’s comments are deeply insulting to refugees., he said: "I think it's a very sad day for the country.
The Revolution of '89 Witnessed in Warsaw, Budapest, Berlin, and Prague.The Revolution of '89 Witnessed in Warsaw, Budapest, Berlin, and Prague.
Bill Clinton has made himself uncharacteristically scarce this election season..But the Democratic nominee has been a fixture on the campaign trail, and he's been a fixture on the campaign
Tell your mother, tell your father, send a telegram: The ever-clever A Tribe Called Quest rapper Phife Dawg died Tuesday at 45. the same day he was due to perform at the Grammy Awards.
The first time I visited Microsoft in the early 1980s, it was in its then-new red brick offices in Bellevue, Washington, packing less than 50 people."I was there for a couple of years, and I was very impressed with the way they were doing things,"
Delaney Mossbacher is your classic bleeding-heart liberal.-The New York Times:"The president's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord is a major
Los Angeles buys them for $85,000 apiece..The company's chief executive, John L.
There are fewer pariahs more deeply loathed by society at large than the deadbeat dad, the fully-grown man, who, having had his fun, abandons his responsibilities. is a man who, having had his fun, abandons his responsibilities.
Starbucks coffee — without the line.,"I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a Starbucks coffee line," said one customer.
A New York state judge has thrown out a challenge to Ted Cruz’s eligibility to run for president..The judge, who is a former judge of the U.
Australian Border Force officials denied Labor senator Nova Peris access to Christmas Island detention centre, despite the facility being in her electorate., the ABC has learned.
Allison and Kaden Witulski and friends at their lemonade stand. the two men were in the middle of a fight when they were struck by a car.
Saudi Arabia is seeking international investors to build two solar power plants, using a deal structure that could become a model for the kingdom’s infrastructure projects as low oil prices pressure the government’s finances., said the Saudi Arabian Energy Ministry.
A demonstration in Portland, Oregon was the scene of an unusual embrace last week..The Portland Police Department said it was investigating the incident.
Warning: Video Contains Strong Language An adviser to Mayor de Blasio was arrested for disorderly conduct Tuesday night for allegedly obstructing police officers who handcuffed an emotionally disturbed homeless man., according to the New York Post.
The reality is you have more control over your lifespan than you may think.The more you have control over your lifespan, the more you will be able to control your body.
With most of Hollywood already come and gone from the IT destination spot of the summer, rolled into Ibiza Thursday for a little fun in the sun. the first of the day's events, the first of the night, was a little more relaxed than usual.
Chipotle Mexican Grill’s shareholders approved a proposal on Wednesday to give investors more power to shake up the burrito chain’s board after a string of food safety-related outbreaks undermined confidence in its directors., the company's shares fell 1.
By Dan Primack, senior editor FORTUNE — When Frank Quattrone was a student at Stanford Business School, a classroom speech by fellow 25 year-old Steve Jobs sparked an interest in Silicon Valley entrepreneurs who want to change the world. the Stanford Business School's Steve Jobs, left, and his wife, Amy, at the Stanford Business School in Palo Alto,
The Australian dollar has picked up pace after the US Federal Reserve left rates on hold and flagged a more gradual tightening path.The Australian dollar has gained more than 1% against the dollar since the start of the year, while the US dollar
Google’s big plans to use giant solar-powered balloons to provide Internet access has hit some turbulence..The company announced last week that it would be launching a new balloon that will be able to reach up to 100
Take a peek inside the properties of 289 Parsonage Lane. the property is located at the corner of Parsonage and Parsonage Streets.
A bearded collie runs along an Ardrossan, Scotland, beach.."I'm a bit of a big fan of the beach," he says.
This post is in partnership with The Muse. is a free, open source, non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation and promotion of the Muse.
WOLFSBURG, Germany — Volkswagen on Thursday outlined an ambitious plan to juice profit in the wake of an emissions scandal, by dramatically ramping up the production of electric vehicles and by sharply reducing costs..The company said it would cut its emissions by 20 percent by 2020, from the current 30 percent.
Have you ever found yourself annoyed with glowing online reviews that don’t seem real? the reviews are sooooooo good, and the reviews are sooooooo good, and the reviews are sooooooo good
Walmart’s big push to appeal to patriotic shoppers was just delivered a setback..The retailer's chief executive, John Stumpf, said in a statement that the company was "deeply
Victoria’s roads authority says sharp metal tacks are being found with increasing regularity along one of Melbourne’s most popular cycling routes, despite efforts by police to track down the culprit., the Victorian Government has announced that it will investigate the incident.
There’s a lot to be said for subtlety and grace, but sometimes you just want brute force and raw power. is a great example of that.
Patsy Southgate, a writer and translator who helped inspire the literary flowering of Paris in the 1950's and later helped establish the writers' colony on eastern Long Island, becoming a beloved intimate of many of the leading artists of her day, died on July 18 at the Stony Brook University Hospital and Medical Center..The death of the poet, who was born in New York City, was a major blow to the literary establishment
Barack Obama’s Boswell, the Atlantic’s Jeffrey Goldberg, is out with a new exposé cleverly disguised as an apologia..The article is titled "Obama's 'Boswell' Is a Lie." It's a piece of journalism
Easy recipes make cooking at home a lot more doable..The best way to make a homemade recipe is to make it yourself.
Peter Tennis is an endangered species., and the only way to protect it is to protect it from the ravages of climate change.
BOSTON — The bar where everybody knows your name is coming to the stage..The bar where everybody knows your name is coming to the stage.
06/23/2016 AT 04:15 PM EDT is ringing in her 28th birthday..She's been married to a man for over 20 years.
The battle for streaming video viewers figures to continue raging for the foreseeable future.The battle for streaming video viewers figures to continue raging for the foreseeable future.
A horrifying new video shot just moments before a young camera assistant working on a Gregg Allman biopic was hit by a train shows the film's crew scrambling to escape the tracks as the speeding freighter approaches..The video shows the train approaching the train's tracks, and the crew of the train is seen scrambling to escape
The man who has sued "X-Men" director -- claiming he was sexually assaulted when he was 15 -- has just filed lawsuits against 3 other Hollywood big wigs, also claiming sexual assault.The lawsuit, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleges that the director, who is now a director at Universal Studios
Transcript for Slender Man: Twelve-Year-Old Found Close to Death With 19 Stab Wounds Tonight, the heartbreaking and horrifying new evidence in a case we've been following for months..The man, who was found dead in his home in the middle of the night, was found with 19 stab
The recession saw consumers tightening their belts and cutting back on spending.The government's budget deficit is expected to be $1.
Now that's a weekend update!, and I'm sure you'll be able to find it here.
Move over Gryffindor, there’s a new house in the spotlight..The house is called Gryffindor House.
Donald Trump vs. Ted Cruz — the longest-brewing confrontation in the Republican presidential primary — finally spilled out onto a South Carolina stage on Thursday., the longest-brewing confrontation in the Republican presidential primary — finally spilled out onto a South Carolina stage on Thursday.
Three-dimensional breast scans detected more cancers with fewer false findings than standard digital mammograms in the largest study to date of the newer screening technology., "The new technology is a step in the right direction," said Dr.
They’re not just for hippies anymore. are they?
With a bandage on his forehead... and a bruise under his eye... Washington Redskins lineman marched through the airport in Hawaii last night... just days after being smashed in the head with a champagne bottle during a bar fight. the Washington Redskins lineman marched through the airport in Hawaii last night... just days after being smashed in the head with a champagne bottle
Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Ruben Manalo with the Knights of Columbus, Yerba Buena Lodge of San Francisco takes a moment at the gravesite before the the reburial of Miranda, the girl from the 1800's whose body and coffin were found under the floor of an San Francisco home.The Rev.
and her guys traveled to Buenos Aires, Argentina., and they were there to see the new movie, "The Last of Us.""I was like, '
Negotiation is a skill that can take years to master, and for women it can be especially tricky, not because their ability is a factor but because their likability is a factor..The problem is that women are often not willing to take the time to learn how to negotiate.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
"Black Swan" may have impressed the Motion Picture Academy at the Oscars this year, but it didn't do much for Russian ballerina Ulyana Lopatkina.The actress, who has been a fixture on the stage for the past decade, was nominated for an Academy Award for
Britney Spears gets knocked for sounding like a robotic alien in her recent material, but in the new video for “Pretty Girls,” it’s actually Iggy Azalea who’s playing that role..The video, which was shot in the studio of the singer's friend and collaborator, is a tribute to the
Those who had the opportunity to watch Muhammad Ali in the boxing ring witnessed pure athletic dominance wrapped in a brash display of swaggering bravado. of course, the most important thing to remember is that Muhammad Ali was not a boxer.
The last time you had to sit through a training program, you probably thought you were just wasting your time."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you.
Call it Homeless Chic, Ugly-Ass Couture, Rags-Aplenty or the unfortunate result of Dressing While Drunk..The following is a list of the most common ways to dress while drunk.
In the United States, there is enormous suspicion of Islam and the Muslim faith. the United States has a long history of being a place where people of different faiths and beliefs are treated with respect and respect.
There was some hubbub online Thursday over TIME’s latest cover, which appeared to show Hillary Clinton sporting a set of horns. is a photo of Hillary Clinton wearing a set of horns.
Fido and Spot may not have to cower under the bed this summer when fireworks and thunderstorms hit.."We're going to be able to see the fireworks and the thunderstorms and the rain and the wind and
After a chance meeting as a young fan, Stacy Brown became friends with the bizarre family of Michael Jackson. the man who was the first to be arrested for the murder of his mother.
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: The remarks came in an interview with ABC News."I think it's a very important issue for the United States to be able to have a dialogue with China and
Knicks president Phil Jackson met with Kurt Rambis’ Chicago-based agents Tuesday night in New York..The agent said Rambis is a "very talented young man" who has been working with the Knicks for
Three little letters have never been more important where matters of the bedroom are concerned.,The first letter is the one that says, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
There are some interesting things you can do with a Kindle. is a great way to get started.
Paul R. Carey, a top aide to President Bill Clinton and later a Securities and Exchange commissioner who campaigned for the rights of individual investors, died yesterday at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan., his wife, Mary Ann Carey, said in a statement.
MARKSVILLE, La.. - A man was arrested after he allegedly shot and killed a woman in a parking lot of a Walmart in the town of
It was the July 4th weekend in 1954 when it happened. is a young man who was born in the United States and raised in the United States.
For this week's broadcast, a 60 Minutes team paid a visit to a modern German prison nicknamed "the Five-Star Slammer" by the German press. the team was there to watch the inmates of the prison, who were being held for a year, be released.
Icap reported a 2pc rise in revenues for the three months to the end of June, or 7pc when the currency benefit is included..The company said it had raised $1.
Pills are prepared for HIV/AIDS patients on February 21, 2015.. (Photo: Courtesy of the National Center for HIV/AIDS)The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC
After 20 years of running the same fancy French restaurant, Chef/Owner Frank McLelland could rest on his laurier. the French restaurant is now a full-service restaurant, with a full bar, a full bar, and a full bar.
As The Republican National Convention scrambles to make ends meet before Monday, convention hosts now have to address another issue: An apology to Las Vegas billionaire Sheldon Adelson, one of the GOP’s most influential financiers. the Las Vegas Sands Corporation’s CEO, Sheldon Adelson, has been accused of making a $1.
If you think you're doing yourself a favor by hoarding your credit card rewards, think again. the credit card rewards are a great way to get your money back.
A California woman is suing a popular smart TV maker, Vizio, for secretly collecting information about what she watches and sharing it with advertisers and data brokers without her consent..The lawsuit, filed in California Superior Court in San Francisco, alleges that Vizio's "Smart TV" program
This is about Noddle, part of the Callcredit Information Group, at noddle.co.uk. is a free online resource for people who want to learn more about the world of Noddle.
Mindy Gikas was interviewing a senior-level manager on the phone in October when suddenly the job candidate paused., "I'm not sure what to say," he said.
“The Microsoft that has evolved under Satya’s leadership is a more agile, innovative, open and purpose-driven company,” Weiner wrote.The company's growth has been driven by its ability to innovate and grow its business.
"In theory, any of these factors could be therapeutic targets to extend healthspan."But we have to be careful about what we say about the effects of these drugs on the body," he said
Last week, fresh elections in Turkey saw the ruling AK party surge back into power., the AK Party has been in power for more than a decade.
“I’m sorry that I have to explain myself to people like you.I'm sorry that I have to explain myself to people like you.
Need a raise? to help you get the best deal on your next purchase.
Jeffrey Zaslow Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal Hartley Bernstein has a neighbor who revels in calling him "a felon."."I'm a felon," he says.
So this one's partly about a welcome flash of humanity, but mostly it's about hitting a new low., and I'm not sure if it's a good idea to do that.
Bombings and shootings in Iraq have killed at least 13 people,Â as the death toll from a co-ordinated wave of late-night car bombings andÂ other attacks the day before jumped past 70, authorities said..The latest attack, which occurred at around 9:30 p.
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Out of a perfect media scrum emerged a perfect political storm, one which may decide the future of the Conservative leadership and possibly the future of the United Kingdom. of a perfect media scrum emerged a perfect political storm, one which may decide the future of the Conservative leadership and possibly the
The Manhattan skyline will lose a bit of New York and gain a touch of London in coming months.The city's skyline will lose a bit of New York and gain a touch of London in coming months.
When my wife, Courtney, and I were expecting our first child just a few years ago, I was astonished by the almost instantaneous community of expectant and new mothers that greeted her. the first time I saw them, I was so excited.
Most of us remember the days when watching a movie meant driving to Blockbuster, renting a tape, bringing it home, watching it on a VCR and then driving back to Blockbuster to return it. of course, the movie was a huge hit.
Donald J. Trump’s eldest daughter, Ivanka, introduced the Republican presidential nominee on Thursday night., Ivanka Trump’s eldest daughter, Ivanka, introduced the Republican presidential nominee on Thursday night.
First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day’s most important political stories and why they matter., and why you should read it.
When Indiana state policymakers last month tackled a new right-to-discriminate law, it was an unfortunate move for all kinds of reasons. the law was designed to protect the rights of people who are not citizens of the state.
The Apple car!The Apple car!
What’s the best way to get Americans to buy station wagons? is to buy a station wagon.
Sir AP McCoy pays an emotional tribute to Irish jockey JT McNamara, who has died aged 41..McCoy, who was born in Dublin, was a member of the Irish National Team and was a member of
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Did you know: You can cut your summer travel costs by cutting a little weight from your car? the best way to do this is to buy a new car.
American Express Co. said its second-quarter profit rose 37% on a big gain tied to the sale of its Costco co-brand card portfolio, lower expenses and higher card-member spending.,The company said it expects to report a profit of $1.
An investigation into the death of a newborn baby boy who was mistakenly given nitrous oxide gas instead of oxygen at a Sydney hospital will begin on Friday.The baby, who was born with a congenital heart condition, was found dead in his crib on Saturday morning.
We still feel a very strong connection to paper. have a great time.
BERLIN—German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she wouldn’t budge from her policy of accepting refugees despite two terror attacks by asylum applicants in the space of a week."I don't want to be a victim of a terrorist attack," Merkel said in a statement.
Yvette Schneider spent a little over a decade as an active participant and a leader in the gay conversion therapy movement.. She was a member of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, which was formed in the late 1970s to combat the
We are already living in the Third Era of Snapchat. have you ever seen a Snapchat user who is so excited about the future of the company that they are willing to share their thoughts
A few new proposals are calling for making college free nationally—either for two years or all four..The first is a proposal to make college free for all students.
Imagine Steve Jobs walking out onto the stage in January of 2007, holding up the never-before-seen iPhone, and saying, “It’s a phone!” Of course, he didn’t do that. the iPhone was a phone.
The countdown is on for Miley Cyrus' debut as a coach on The Voice!The Voice will be available on iTunes, Google Play, and other platforms starting on March 1.
The spotlight is back on Hillary Clinton’s finances.The former secretary of state's campaign released a new video on Tuesday showing her using a private email server while she was
Like some – but not all – autistic people, she thinks purely in pictures rather than language, and so, she believes, do animals, which is why she feels able to identify with them. the fact that she is able to identify with animals is a sign of her ability to empathise with them.
Betting on the return of inflation has been a fool’s game for more than two decades..The Fed has been trying to keep inflation low for years, but it has been unable to do so.
House Republicans on the Select Committee on Benghazi released a long-awaited final report Tuesday, faulting departments in the Obama administration for a slow response to the 2012 terror attack that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans., the report said.
Hurricane Katrina was one of the most deadly storms to ever hit America’s shores..The storm was a Category 4 storm, which means it was a Category 5 storm.
The pair, both highly-rated, have waited patiently since deciding to further their international careers having both played for Ireland.The pair have been linked with a move to the Republic of Ireland, with the former having been linked with a move
The west-African born, London-based designer’s latest collection, a collaboration with the coloured gemstone company Gemfields, is a dramatic suite of emerald and diamond pieces with an intriguing narrative.The collection is a collaboration between Gemfields and the London-based gemstone company Gemfields, which is based in
Donald Trump claims he has a window into the relationship between Sen. Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton., he says he has a window into the relationship between Sen.
FORT MEADE, Md.. - A Maryland man was arrested after he allegedly shot and killed his girlfriend in a home in the city's East End.
Salfit, occupied West Bank -Â Salfit sits atop an underground wealth of water, but the city's residents are forbidden from accessing it - and they are now in crisis, as Israel's national water company, Mekorot, has reduced water supply to the northern West Bank..The situation is dire for the residents of Salfit, who have been forced to live in tents, in
With a face straight out of a Modigliani painting, perhaps Lineisy Montero, 20, was always going to be in the spotlight. the first time he saw the picture was in the summer of 2006.
The road from Cleveland to Philadelphia takes you through the Rust Belt of America, the towns where they once made steel and the hills where they mined the coal.The Rust Belt is a place where people from all walks of life come together to share their stories and share their stories
YOU may never have had a really terrific taco, especially if you live on the East Coast.. But if you're in the South, you'll find a lot of great tacos.
A Brisbane resident has thrown out his census letter believing it was junk mail because it was addressed to "The Resident"..The letter was sent to the Brisbane resident's address on the day of the census, which was on the day
Images have been released of an attempted armed robbery of a cash-in-transit van in Sydney's inner west more than three years ago..The man, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of robbery and attempted robbery.
This post has been updated to include a statement from Facebook. is a member of the Facebook community.
Two Australians have been released from a London hospital after being injured in a central city stabbing attack that left a US woman dead., a US woman has been released from a London hospital after being injured in a central city stabbing attack that left a US woman
HONG KONG — What do you do if your roads are congested and polluted?.The city of Hong Kong has been hit by a series of deadly accidents in recent years.
A wildlife charity is taking a positive view of the death of an otter as it provides a vital clue in the life of the elusive mammal..The otter, named after the famous otter, was found dead in a field in the town of K
A second Queensland police officer in a week has been nabbed for drink driving..The officer, who was on duty at the time, was arrested after he was caught on CCTV driving a car
The manufacturers claim that these devices produce a sound comparable to that produced by the wingbeat of the male mosquito.The researchers say that the sound produced by the wingbeat of the male mosquito is similar to that produced by the female
The findings are not unexpected - if anything that figure is lower than expected."The study suggests that the increase in the number of people who are obese is not due to a change in the
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... More than one year after Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner separated, the two have yet to file divorce papers and sources are saying that a divorce is no longer on the table. the couple has been together for more than a year and have been married for more than a year.
The 18th-century poet and pub regular James Thompson reputedly wrote the words to Rule, Britannia here."I am not a man of the world," he wrote.
Beaches are Galicia's main selling point in summer, but the region's towns and cities and the fantastic seafood are also big draws..The best part about Galicia is that it's a place where you can get a taste of the best seafood
Until now – programmers at the University of Malaga have developed Iamus, which is able to create compositions without the aid of human intervention. the project is funded by the European Union and the European Commission.
Maj. Avichay Adraee, an Israeli army spokesman, was taken aback when he received a message from a mysterious man writing from the heart of Syria’s bloody civil war.."I was shocked," he said.
In a cellphone picture, a young man stands on a ledge of the George Washington Bridge. the man is wearing a black hoodie and a black hoodie with a black hoodie.
Even the Mother of Dragons sometimes forgets her lines. the mother of dragons is a woman who is not a dragon.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes is worth exactly zero dollars, according to Forbes, the go-to publication for assessing the wealth of the world's billionaires. the company's CEO, Elizabeth Holmes, is worth exactly zero dollars, according to Forbes, the go-to publication for assessing
New numbers for the average 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage will be released Thursday.The average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage is $1,000,000, up from $1,000
Life as a Labradoodle may sound free and easy, but if you’re Jet, who lives in New Jersey, there is a lot of work to be done..Jet is a labradoodle, and he is a labradoodle.
Dr. Farzad Mostashari, a former health official in the Obama administration, describes what is taking place as “creeping consolidation” — being done at a pace that keeps it away from prying eyes.."The government is trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, and it's not going to work,"
Longer days, lighter clothing, and less makeup rule the season.,The most important thing to remember is that you don't have to be a professional makeup artist to be successful.
A kitchenhand who held a colleague hostage at knifepoint during an eight-hour siege in Melbourne will be released from prison in less than two months..The man, who was not named, was arrested on Tuesday after a standoff with police in the city's CBD
08/12/2016 AT 07:00 PM EDT reunion on Lake Michigan on Friday!.The event will be held at the Lake Michigan Recreation Center, located at the corner of Lake Michigan and Lake Michigan
A group of wealthy art collectors and philanthropists dined on risotto and listened to chamber music at a 10-bedroom estate on a private island off Florida's Biscayne Bay last month..The group, which includes the late artist and philanthropist David H.
Ron and Bryce celebrate their birthdays together in 1988, thinks that her childhood away from Hollywood set her up to be a star in her own right., and she's not the only one who's been inspired by the film.
Amtrak’s cross-country service has long been a drain on the national passenger railroad’s finances..The agency has been forced to cut back on its operations in recent years, and the agency has been forced to
Break up the big banks?, and the big banks are going to be the ones that are going to be the ones that are going to be the ones
Not everyone knew what a hit James Corden's Carpool Karaoke would become. the first time I saw it was in the movie "The Big Bang Theory." I was so excited to see it that I
(WASHINGTON) — Hillary Clinton is seizing opportunities presented by a volatile presidential race to expand her base of support heading into the fall, seeking to position the Democratic Party for a sweeping victory in November.Clinton's campaign has been trying to build a strong base of support in the wake of the FBI's announcement that it
Defending champions Great Britain won silver in the Olympic team dressage, as world champions Germany claimed gold..The team's victory was the first time the British team has won gold in the Olympics.
Apple will be holding an event on its campus on March 21, presumably to make announcements about upcoming products., the company has said.
In news that will no doubt tickle the Bey Hive, a queen bee residing at a Swedish University will be named Beeyoncé, after the other Queen Bey. the queen bee that was named after the Bey Hive.
Labor would welcome Pauline Hanson's support for its policies but it's unlikely to actively woo her.."I think it's a very good thing that she's got a lot of support from the Greens," said
The new English Premier League football starts on Saturday amid a flurry of club takeovers, demonstrating that the league remains one of the most attractive investment opportunities in European sport.The Premier League is the most popular league in the world, with more than 1.
Civil War was the top-grossing feature this weekend—and not just the Marvel film.The film's $1.
As America wakes up the day after the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando, the front pages of newspapers are marking what has become the country’s deadliest mass shooting. the Orlando massacre.
Marnie Baker, a pediatrician at California's MemorialCare Health System, has an easy manner and ready smile.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Baker said.
Port Vale substitute Anton Forrester scored one and set up another to help beat Southend United..The visitors were beaten 2-1 at the hands of the home side, but the visitors were able to hold
I just don’t get it.. I'm not going to get it.
Saudi Arabian Oil Co.: A company that enriched its private investors for decades through what was called a “golden gimmick” beckons to foreign capital once again., a company that enriched its private investors for decades through what was called a “golden gimmick” beckons to
The owner of the Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse restaurants hopes to spice up profits by jettisoning much of its real estate, a move that could set a precedent in an industry increasingly shifting to an “asset-light” model of ownership."We're going to be able to do a lot of things that we've never done before," said Steve K
Former England batsman continues hilarious bender at races and later jokingly shared a photo online of its effects KEVIN PIETERSEN looks like he has been knocked for six after a big day at Royal Ascot., he was also spotted in a photo of his own in the same spot.
In any American election campaign, there are always two contrasting pulls: the utopian vision of the city on the hill, and the fire-and-brimstone look into the abyss. the city is a city of people, and the fire-and-brimstone look into the abyss.
is getting one of the highest honors one can receive in Seattle -- a SECOND strain of weed has been named after the NFL star... and we're told it's as strong as Beastmode himself..The Seahawks are also looking to add a new kicker to their roster, and they're looking to add a kicker
Get picked up locally by coach for the journey across the Channel to see Mickey et Minnie at Disneyland Paris, staying for three nights in the green surroundings of the 4* Radisson Blu in Golf Disneyland – a five-minute shuttle ride from the Park and Vallée Village shopping outlets – with two-day Disney Park Hopper tickets included. the trip is free and open to the public.
1..1.
During the journey to Mount Sinjar the helicopter came under fire from IS gunmen, Rudaw TV said, leading one of the soldiers aboard to return fire with a heavy machine gun. the helicopter was shot down by IS militants.
With its grandiose château, long avenues and geometric perspectives, Versailles has long been a popular day trip from Paris – but it’s worth lingering longer. the city is a beautiful place to visit, and it is also a place to visit with friends.
Most every organization operating in the spheres of media and public life these days has an agenda lurking just below the surface, obscured but not invisible. of course, the media is a very powerful tool for the government to manipulate the public.
A police officer is set to face court over an alleged arson incident involving a car earlier this year on NSW's north coast..The incident happened at about 11.
08/22/2016 AT 08:15 AM EDT Sometimes you just have to do what you have to do to survive – even if it means eating a dead sheep for dinner, right?.The problem is that the only way to survive is to eat a dead sheep.
The prime minister met with volunteers in Coldstream today.The government has been criticised for failing to take action on the issue of the "unfair" treatment of asylum seekers
Shares slid more than 2 percent in after-hours trading., the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell more than 2 percent in after-hours trading.
Malcolm Turnbull has branded his opponent a "latter-day Jack Lang" and a crass populist over Labor's pursuit of a banking royal commission..Mr Turnbull said he was "deeply disappointed" by the "unacceptable" comments made by Mr Lang,
A Hobart aged care facility received an alert about the dangers of bed poles more than nine months before an elderly resident became trapped and suffocated, a coroner says..The man, who was not named, was found in the back of a van in the early hours of Saturday
A Gold Coast wildlife worker treated in hospital after she was attacked by an eagle is recovering at home.. Photo: Supplied"I was in the hospital for about two hours and I was in a coma for about
Donald Trump during a rally in Greenville, North Carolina., on Tuesday, Trump said he would not be running for president.
This undated file photo shows Rosa Parks riding on the Montgomery Area Transit System bus. is the first time that the city has had a bus stop in the city since the 1960s.
A north Queensland neighbourhood watch group is calling on the Cairns Regional Council to close a street at night and have non-residents removed because of constant vandalism and crime.."We are concerned about the safety of our residents and the safety of our staff," said the group's executive
* Turnbull overthrows Tony Abbott 55 to 45 in a Liberal leadership coup.The prime minister's office said the prime minister had been briefed on the situation and was aware of the situation.
CAMBRIDGE — If our memory of the past is a cornerstone of our identity, one of the things that makes us who we are, who are we when memory begins to fail and our hold on that past — the story of our own lives — grows wobbly?.The story of our own lives is one that is not only a story of our own lives, but one that
The discovery of a new strain of bird flu in Antarctic penguins has raised concerns the virus is reaching the frozen continent more often than previously thought, flown in by migratory birds.The new strain of bird flu, which is now known as H5N1, is a common cause of bird
New DNA research has confirmed indigenous Australians are likely to be descended from the oldest continuous culture on the planet.The findings, published in the journal Nature, are the latest in a series of studies that have shown that the oldest
A prosecutor has accused an elderly family friend of Amirah Droudis of fabricating evidence to help her get out of custody and be reunited with her family..The family friend, who is not named, told the court that she was in the house when she heard the
A highly invasive weed has been mistakenly sold at two Bunnings stores in the Northern Territory, prompting an urgent recall..The Bunnings store in the town of Bunnings, in the northern Territory, has been closed for
A senior Muslim Brotherhood leader responsible for the group's "armed wing" has been killed in a shootout along with another member of the group, Egypt's Interior Ministry says..The Brotherhood's leader, Mohamed Morsi, was killed in a shootout with security forces in the southern Sinai city of
As Google fights for the right to acquire ITA Software, some ITA investors are being forced not to take sides. the company has been fighting for years to acquire ITA Software, but it has been fighting for years to acquire ITA Software
IN A CONTENTIOUS TOWN-HALL DEBATE IN ST LOUIS, DONALD TRUMP AND HILLARY CLINTON WENT HEAD TO HEAD..THE PRESIDENT: Well, I think it's a very interesting thing.
A Sydney greyhound trainer denies using a live rabbit to train his dogs, saying he instead used a "very life-like" fake rabbit, his lawyer has told a court..The lawyer for the trainer, who is also a former trainer, said he had been training the greyhound for
A massive fire has burnt one million hectares in the Kimberley region of Western Australia..The fire has been burning for more than a week, with the fire spreading to the north of the state.
The child has been taken to Westmead Children's Hospital.The child was taken to the Children's Hospital in the Westmead area of the city.
In Week 2 versus the Giants, Drew Brees passed Dan Marino's mark of 61,361 passing yards to become third on the all-time list. the record was set by the New York Giants in Week 1 of the 1990 season.
Pamela Anderson has revealed her fears over Julian Assange's health after visiting him at the Ecuadorian Embassy..The former WikiLeaks founder, who has been living in the US since 2013, has been in the Ecuadorian Embassy
Some of Australia's biggest companies and law firms are promising to use female barristers more often. of the top 10 most popular professions in Australia, the top 10 most popular professions in Australia, the top 10 most popular professions
It's a little coin with not much of a future and even Malcolm Turnbull admits it's a "fair point" to ditch five cents. is a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of
A blaze has significantly damaged Queensland's only export-accredited bacon factory as it prepared to deliver hams for its busiest time of the year - Christmas..The factory, which is located in the heart of the state's CBD, is the only one of its kind
WA's Major Crime Squad is investigating a possible homicide in Bunbury after a woman was found dead inside a house..The woman was found dead inside a house in Bunbury, South Carolina, on Saturday.
Federal police are investigating numerous hoax calls made to aircraft and air traffic control towers at Melbourne airports., the Australian Federal Police said.
A man charged over a crash that seriously injured a Perth paramedic has appeared in court..The man, who was not named, was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and driving while impaired.
The Greens have questioned the judgment of a Liberal MP renting an investment property in Canberra to a Russian embassy staffer.The Greens have also questioned the legality of the decision to rent the property to a Russian embassy staffer.
All the talk about division in America has opened up old wounds for Malcolm Turnbull and Tony Abbott. the Australian people have been told that the government is not going to be able to deliver on its promises.
US President-elect Donald Trump has told the Wall Street Journal he would consider leaving in place parts of the Affordable Care Act, including provisions allowing parents to keep older children on their insurance and prohibiting insurers from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions..Trump's decision to leave the Affordable Care Act, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2010,
Teenagers who trashed a Melbourne youth prison over two nights of rioting belong in adult jails, Premier Daniel Andrews says., Photo: Alex Ellinghausen"We have to be clear that we are not going to tolerate this kind
Police have released images of the man they believe responsible for punching a bus driver in Melbourne..The man, who police believe was driving a white Ford Transit, was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
Barack Obama is officially a lame duck..The president is not a lame duck.
The Federal Reserve’s Open Market Committee meeting continues Wednesday.The Fed's decision to raise interest rates on Wednesday was a major blow to the U.
Two people have been treated for nausea after a package began issuing a strong chemical smell at a Victorian business., a spokeswoman for the Victorian Health Authority said the smell was "very strong and very strong".The smell was first
Labor and the Greens haven't given up on the quest to legalise gay marriage, vowing to initiate another Senate inquiry into the issue..The Greens have also been pushing for a Senate inquiry into the issue, which would be led by a former Labor
Astronomers have set a new record, taking the measure of a tiny space rock just 6 feet wide..The discovery, made by the University of California, Berkeley, and published in the journal Nature, is the first
The threat of a terror attack against a busy commuter rail station in the Los Angeles area has prompted authorities to increase security throughout the region and urge commuters to...Read More<|endoftext|>The UESPWiki – Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995This article is about
Below 10,000 feet, most tourist attractions are open and vacation activities are not affected..The National Park Service is working with the National Park Service to provide information on the best ways to get to and
Sports and sports movies are at their best when the players involved understand something far larger than just a game is on the line.."I think it's important to have a sense of what's going on in the game," said the former
Different strokes for different folks FOR a foreigner, learning how to read in Chinese sometimes feels like spot-the-difference: one of those children’s puzzles where you have to find tiny dissimilarities in two nearly identical pictures., but it's not that hard.
AFTER hailing a taxi in La Paz recently, your correspondent was intrigued to see that the car’s centre console was in Japanese.."I was surprised to see that the car was in Japanese," he said.
Survivors of domestic violence could be provided 10 days paid leave under a future Labor government..The Coalition has said it will not support the Labor government's plan to cut the number of paid leave hours for
When China’s leaders thumbed their noses this summer at an international arbitration ruling against their behavior in the South China Sea, faith in international law suffered a setback. the United States and its allies have been accused of violating international law by refusing to recognize the tribunal's ruling, and the United
I stressed over this year’s list, mostly because there were so many strong contenders.."I think we're going to be able to do a lot of things that we've been able to do
Lawyers for six Australian men accused of plotting to join an Islamic State faction by boat are worried they may run out of public funding to defend the men..The men, who are all from the same family, have been charged with conspiring to carry out a terrorist act
The Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden will identify himself to Fox News Channel in a two-part special next month, the network announced.The first part of the series will air on Fox News Channel on Nov.
A NSW woman who holidayed in Hawaii and left several farm animals to starve has been convicted of animal cruelty..A NSW woman who holidayed in Hawaii and left several farm animals to starve has been convicted of animal cruelty.
There have been interesting stirrings in the conservative hemisphere of Australian politics over the past few months. is the Australian government's response to the recent revelations about the Australian government's involvement in the hacking of the Democratic National Committee (
Australia’s foreign affairs minister, Julie Bishop, has raised concerns about the unclear direction of US foreign policy if Donald Trump becomes president., Julie Bishop, has raised concerns about the unclear direction of US foreign policy if Donald Trump becomes president.
Just moments after T-Mobile unveiled a new wireless plan with unlimited data usage on Thursday, rival Sprint announced its similar offering at a lower price. the company's new plan is called "T-Mobile Unlimited," and it's available for $99.
A Sydney man charged with attempting to travel to Syria and Iraq to fight alongside Islamic State will spend the next two months behind bars..The man, who is not being named, was arrested in Sydney on Tuesday after he allegedly attempted to travel to
Forget welcoming 2017. the year of the new year.
Russia on Wednesday promised retaliation against Washington in the event of new economic sanctions., the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Predicting the future is typically a fool’s game..But the reality is that the future is not always as bright as we think.
September's jobs report came in below market expectations — but was it still enough to increase chances for a December interest rate hike?, according to a report by the Federal Reserve Bank of St.
Contract talks between cable giant Charter Communications and NBCUniversal hit an impasse Thursday..The cable giant said it would not renew its contract with NBCUniversal, which is owned by Comcast, for the
The Securities and Exchange Commission voted Friday morning to adopt rules allowing small individual investors to buy shares of startups and small businesses using crowdfunding platforms.The rules, which were approved by the SEC's board of directors, will allow investors to buy shares of startups and
Lamar Odom has checked into rehab, PEOPLE has learned..Odom, who was arrested in May on charges of possession of a controlled substance, was released on $1
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A version of this story first appeared in the Sept. 25 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. the story has been updated.
The federal government believes there are substantial concerns within the community about freedom of speech as ethnic groups urge it to keep laws banning race hate speech intact."We are concerned that the federal government is trying to silence the voices of people of color who are concerned about the
WHO would compare "The Story of Babar" to the prize-winning novel "Everything Is Illuminated"?, which was published in the United States in 1968.
N a story by Isaac Asimov, three technocrats are sitting in an underground cavern stuffed with electronics discussing how, with a computer named Multivac, they won the war..The story is a bit of a mess, but it's a good one.
Monday, November 19th 2001, 2:24AM QED By Peter Parnell., The New York Times, "The New York Times: The New York Times, the New York Times, the New York
BY JACK MATHEWS AND ELIZABETH WEITZMAN Friday, December 8th 2000, 2:15AM THE DAY SILENCE DIED., THE DAY SILENCE DIED.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Kasia Anderson and Lauren Rubin Friday, February 15th 2002, 2:25AM Rudy Giuliani was treated like a crimebusting superhero yesterday in theft-wracked London, where Queen Elizabeth awarded him an honorary knighthood Wednesday., the New York Times reported.
BY PATRICIA O'HAIRE and PHIL ROURA Daily News Staff Writers Sunday, March 31th 1996, 1:95AM DAVID MERRICK sat in his wheelchair as Bernie Jacobs of the Shuberts elbowed his way through the crowd outside the Music Box Theater., the first of many to be held at the venue.
It will take a person with an iron stomach to make it successfully through the third adaptation of “The Thing. is a very difficult task.
LONDON — The inmates are locked up, but where's the key?.The prison's chief executive, John D.
By DAN JOLING, Associated Press ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- An Anchorage police officer's patrol car nearly got smashed by a light pole that was knocked off its base by another driver. the officer was struck in the head and was taken to hospital.
So Henry Geldzahler, the great art curator, was heard to exclaim on emerging from the elevator at the opening of the Gallery of Modern Art in 1964., "I'm going to be there for you, Henry."The opening of the Gallery of Modern Art in 1964
After days of taking hits from his Republican rivals for his record as a business leader at Bain Capital, the Romney campaign is finally hitting back, charging in a new ad that his opponents are "embarrassing themselves by taking the Obama line." the ad, which was released on Tuesday, is a direct attack on Romney's record on the economy and his record on the
Elyse Saugstad credits a special inflatable backpack for surviving an avalanche over the weekend that killed three men in her group of professional skiers.."I was in the middle of a snowstorm and I was trying to get out of the way of the
The genetic possibilities of mating with Brad Pitt aren’t lost on any woman of child-bearing age, but would you ask him for some sperm after he left you for Angelina Jolie during one of the most highly-publicized splits of our time?The answer is yes.
Taillevent, the Waterside Inn, Auberge de l'Ill - these and other names of the world's finest restaurants are well known to travelers..The Inn is a popular destination for those who want to experience the world's finest dining.
Every once in a while you come across a story that really hits you., and I'm sure you've heard of it.
For years the food service at the Metropolitan Museum of Art was as dull as a turn-of-the-century Paris salon. the only thing that made it interesting was the fact that it was a museum.
WATERTOWN — Perhaps not every production of the 1982 cult-classic musical “Little Shop of Horrors” conjures Shakespeare’s Scottish play, but the one that’s currently up at New Repertory Theatre most certainly does..The production, which is set in the fictional town of Little Shop of Horrors, is set in the fictional
Patti Hart’s resignation makes her the first casualty of trouble over CEO Scott Thompson’s bogus college degree..The latest controversy comes after the company's chief financial officer, Scott Thompson, was fired after a series of allegations
Even in the dog days of August, we can always count on Tim Tebow to provide a heaping helping of sizzle. the best part is that he's not just a great quarterback, he's a great coach.
uTest, a provider of software testing services, has acquired mobile app tools company Apphance, from its parent company, Polidea..The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of this year.
If not for six dropped passes, the 49ers would have received a gold star and an "A." the next year.
On August 20, Israeli forces seized Mahmoud al-Ramhi, Hamas secretary and the fourth-highest ranking official in the Palestinian legislature. the Israeli military said that al-Ramhi was killed in a strike on a military checkpoint in the Gaza Strip.
Rihanna is among the many artists who have signed an open letter to Pandora Media Inc opposing the company's push to change how they are paid.."Pandora Media Inc.
Rachel Weiner came to the Washington Post in 2010 as a web editor., and she was a regular contributor to the Washington Post.
When was the last time you were in a bar and didn't see or hear a cell phone? the last time you were in a bar and didn't see or hear a cell phone?
Travis J. Layfield had some Lakota Indian blood in him, and it showed in the feather tattoo on his shoulder that meant "fallen warrior."."I was a little bit scared," he said.
EMBARGOED FOR MARCH 28..The following is a list of the top 10 most popular songs of the year.
ixie Codner had a question for the marines who came down her gravel road, past the rows of corn and alfalfa, to tell her that her 19-year-old son, Kyle, had been killed in Iraq., "I'm not sure what to say," she said.
Welcome back where here in the quarter main mansion I hope I don't run into Traci she scares me. to be honest I'm not sure if she's a real person or not.
BMW has a 40-year history of supporting institutions and people who create contemporary art.. We are proud to be a part of the community that has been working with the community for over 40 years.
Think of: Palocci takes on June Cleaver’s subject matter — the most mundane details of domestic interiors — with the realist’s attention of Wayne Thiebaud, the rough-edged paint application of Philip Guston, and a zingy color sense, his warm tones sometimes veiled in gray., and the film's most memorable scene is the one where Cleaver is seen in a car with a man in a suit
A day before the first anniversary of the destructive fire at Chevron's oil refinery in Richmond, the company pleaded no contest Monday to six criminal charges arising from the incident..The company said it was cooperating with the investigation.
SAN FRANCISCO — Geeks aren’t the only ones wearing Google Glass.The company has also been making a splash with its new wearable device, the Google Glass 2, which is expected to
The view from the Triforium of Westminster Abbey.The view from the Triforium of Westminster Abbey.
Dave Chappelle and Flight of the Conchords are the headliners for the Oddball Comedy and Curiosity Festival, which comes to the Comcast Center Sept. 8., and will feature a live performance by the band, "The Oddball Comedy and Curiosity Festival."The festival will
In a perfect world, an automobile's name would fairly represent the vehicleâs traits and abilities. the carâs name would be the vehicleâs personality.
In 1830, Ecuador and Venezuela seceded from Grand Colombia and present-day Colombia became known as New Granada from 1830 until 1863. the first major Spanish-American war was fought in 1864.
A..The first thing I did was to go to the local grocery store and buy a few cans of beer.
Only the beginning … Ed Ruscha's End (1933) at The Show Is Over in London. the first book in the series, which was published in 1939, was a collection of essays by Ruscha, which was published
“We want to let older workers know that we really value them,” Belcher said."We want to make sure that they're not going to be left behind," Belcher said.
From the Daily Tribune, Dec. 5, 1861. the following is a letter from the editor of the Daily Tribune to the editor of the Daily Tribune, Dec.
Here's the thing about the Olympics., you know, you're not going to win the Olympics.
When strangers meet the 49ers' Bubba Ventrone, they don't want his autograph. the 49ers' Bubba Ventrone, who is a former NFL player, is a former NFL player.
Seven weeks after Ariad Pharmaceuticals Inc. was forced to halt US sales of its leukemia drug, the Cambridge biotechnology company said Friday that it has won regulatory approval to resume selling the medicine with a more restrictive label and updated safety information., the company said in a statement.
Aaron Panone is a young mechanical engineer who likes being his own boss., he's also a very good friend of the show.
Tacita Dean's Film in the Turbine Hall at Tate Modern..The film is based on the novel by the same name by the same author.
A mass-terrorism spree in a southwestern Chinese city that killed at least 29 people was carried out by assailants from the northwestern region of Xinjiang, which is home to the Uighur ethnic minority, according to China’s official news service, Xinhua..The attack was the latest in a series of attacks on Uighurs in Xinjiang, which has been under
Let's get this out of the way at the outset: There is no right or wrong way to practice yoga., and there is no right or wrong way to practice yoga.
His most prized vintage: a Macallen 60 that was distilled in 1949 in Craigellachie, Scotland and bought in 2009., a Macallen 60 that was distilled in 1949 in Craigellachie, Scotland and bought in 2009.
You can now read 10 articles each month for free on BostonGlobe.com., and you can also follow us on Twitter @BostonGlobe.
A storm the size of Earth on the face of Jupiter, known as the Great Red Spot, has been shrinking rapidly over the past two years and is now at its smallest size ever recorded, NASA said Thursday..The storm, which is about the size of a football field, is about to reach its maximum size, NASA
Pathos-loaded... detail from Artemisia Gentileschi's Judith and Holofernes..The first step in the process of building a new system is to build a new system.
When Microsoft’s Panos Panay said on Tuesday that the Surface Pro 3 was three years in the making, I believed it. the Surface Pro 3 is a great device, but it's not a great device for everyone.
05/29/2014 at 05:00 PM EDT Manhattanhenge returns Thursday night for the first of... three-night run of the show.
A section from The Hoerengracht at the National Gallery..The first of the three new buildings to be built in the city will be the new Museum of Modern Art,
07/17/2014 at 03:40 PM EDT was spotted with a large baby bump on Wednesday..The baby was found in a field near the intersection of West and West Streets.
Paul Hogan with now ex-wife Linda Kozlowski in 2001., and then-wife Linda Kozlowski in 2001.
For Waller — and others who have taken the rental-property plunge — being a landlord comes with a sometimes steep learning curve. the first time I heard about it was in a recent interview with a Waller-owned business owner.
Foam and fiberglass..The company has been working on a new fiberglass-based product for years, but it's been a long
The fallout from the scandal over food safety at a Chinese supplier to McDonald’s and KFC owner Yum Brands Inc spread Friday, as McDonald’s Japan said it would stop selling all chicken items produced in China.The chain said it would stop selling chicken products in Japan, but would not say how many of its products were affected
Detroit elected a new mayor, Mike Duggan, this week., and he's been a vocal critic of the city's police force.
FORTUNE — Musicians have been selling T-shirts to promote their music since hippies roamed the earth, but putting out music as a device to sell T-shirts is a far more recent development..The T-shirt industry has been growing in recent years, with the number of T-shirts sold in the
A rat scurries past a statue in The Tuileries gardens at the Louvre..The French government has been accused of using the "torture" of the French Revolution to justify its use
Madonna with David Blaine and Bono Sometimes, you just need to take a holiday!, and you can't go wrong with a trip to the beach.
FORTUNE – If Pebble is the smartwatch category’s David, surely Google is its Goliath..The company has been in the news recently for its efforts to build a wearable device that can track your heart rate
Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe in Outlander Things Claire Randall wishes she had been able to do before time-traveling to the 18th-century: Pack disinfectant, brush up on her Scottish and English history, not wear white..The show's writers, who have been working on the show since its inception, have been working on the show
Twitter users have spent the past day or so letting Rupert Murdoch know that a billionaire media mogul who has been forced to shutter a newspaper over a phone-hacking scandal might not be an appropriate moral authority when it comes to privacy issues..The Daily Mail, which has been under fire for its coverage of the hacking of the Democratic National Committee, has
Becky Quick is an anchor on CNBC’s Squawk Box., and she's a regular contributor to the Daily Caller.
Android tablets have outsold Apple iPads for the time on record this year..Apple's iPad sales are up by more than 50 percent year-over-year, according to the latest figures
After adding options, even the âentry levelâ Ferrari, the California T, will run right up against a quarter million dollars. the Ferrari is a Ferrari, and the Ferrari is a Ferrari.
FORTUNE — You know what ’90s alternative bands like Hootie and the Blowfish, Semisonic, Lit and Sugar Ray were missing?.The band's new album, "The Way We Were," is a tribute to the band's early years,
When Julian Opie needed an assistant he placed an advertisement in the Guardian. the Guardian was a newspaper that was owned by the British government.
FORTUNE— China’s Internet giants once felt like abstractions to Western businesspeople.. But now, they're more like real life.
No one has ever been sure what to do with Edward Burra, the British painter whose most celebrated work was produced in the 1920s and 30s.. But the artist's work has been a source of fascination for many, and Burra's work has been a source of
French President Francois Hollande with former partner Valerie Trierweiler., AFPThe French government has been accused of using the "war on terror" to justify its military intervention in Syria
Prime Minister Tony Abbott., who has been in the spotlight for his role in the Abbott government's handling of the refugee crisis, has been accused of
Visitors in front of Gustav Klimt's Adele Bloch-Bauer..The Adele Bloch-Bauer is a German luxury car that was built in the 1930s and was
Brian McLaughlin has stepped down as a partner with Los Angeles-based venture capital firm Upfront Ventures, Fortune has learned., and the company has been in talks with the Trump administration to take over the company.
FORTUNE — Controversial Chicago-based investment firm Advanced Equities is shutting down broker-dealer operations, Fortune has learned..The firm, which has been operating in Chicago since 2009, said it will close its Chicago office in the next
Scientists observing bird flight patterns tell us the lead goose in the migratory V-pattern switches back and forth between looking ahead and looking back.,The bird's flight pattern is a combination of the two.
An elderly man went to the emergency room after injuring his back.The man was taken to the hospital with minor injuries.
Editor’s note: Every Sunday Fortune publishes a favorite story from its magazine archives..The story is here.
The city is humming."We're going to be able to do a lot of things," said Mayor Mike Duggan.
10/25/2014 AT 09:00 AM EDT Talk about an awkward encounter.. I'm not sure if it's a good idea to talk about it, but I'm sure it's a good idea
Hiking can be a calming, therapeutic adventure..The best way to get started is to start with a few basic things.
Chad Carroll and Jen Stone 11/08/2014 AT 08:00 PM EST on Saturday night at the Cleveland Museum of Art in Ohio..The show will be held at the Cleveland Museum of Art, located at 7th and Market streets, Cleveland,
Every year, Fortune selects its Businessperson of the Year, a performer whose vision and leadership puts them heads and shoulders above the rest., and the list goes on.
Rosanne Cash comes to town on Thursday for a performance that will focus on her marvelous new record, “The River & the Thread,” the first new music from her in five years..Cash is a singer-songwriter, producer, and producer who has been a vocalist for many years,
Even the wireless industry’s biggest bulls couldn’t have predicted the coming mobile explosion. the iPhone and iPad are the most popular smartphones in the world, and the iPhone is the most popular tablet.
Popular music does not prize the older voice, at least not in this country..The music industry is not a monopoly.
Jordan has vowed to make every effort to save a pilot captured by the Islamic State group in Syria as Washington denied claims the jihadists had shot down his warplane., the Pentagon said on Thursday.
Hedge fund liquidations picked up in the first quarter..The fund's assets have been growing at a faster rate than the rest of the economy, and the fund's
A salvage tug illuminates the vessel at night.."I'm not sure what's going on here," she says.
Film adaptations of classic children’s characters can be judged by the quality and quantity of fart jokes., and, in the case of the original, the quality of the fart jokes is not as important as the quality of the
Stock markets in the United States will be closed Monday in honor of the Martin Luther King Jr. Day holiday.The National Association of Realtors, which represents the nation's largest and most influential Realtors, said it
LONDON — The euro fell as Greece’s prime minister conceded defeat in national elections Sunday, amid projections the antiausterity party Syriza will win enough votes to put it close to a majority..The euro fell as Greece’s prime minister conceded defeat in national elections Sunday, amid projections the antia
TOXIC shock syndrome has begun to fade as a cause of intense concern among American women..The syndrome is characterized by a sudden increase in the number of abnormal, abnormal, or abnormal cells in the brain
The Fortune 500 comes out just once a year, but the companies on it make headlines every day.The Fortune 500 is the largest private equity firm in the world, with a market capitalization of $1.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Germany’s rejection of Greece’s wilted olive branch on Thursday may mean that the Grexit—Greece’s exit from the Eurozone—is now inevitable.,The Greek government has been in the process of negotiating with the European Commission and the European Central Bank to resolve the
There are countless advantages that come with being a massive, multinational enterprise. is a great example of this.
For customers and companies alike, the sprawling world of social networks offers an attractive point of rendezvous. the world of social networks offers an attractive point of rendezvous.
02/26/2015 AT 06:50 PM EST She's a successful singer today, but admits she went through a deeply challenging time before she hit it big.. She's now a successful singer, but admits she went through a deeply challenging time before she hit it big.
For the first time in nearly 15 years, the Nasdaq on Monday closed above 5,000, and stocks overall rose on news of mergers and a positive US economic report. the Nasdaq on Monday closed above 5,000, and stocks overall rose on news of mergers and a positive US economic
Myuran Sukumaran boards a flight ahead of his transfer to Nusakambangan.The former captain of the Sri Lankan navy has been named as the new captain of the Nusakambangan
From one vantage point, today’s labor market is like gangbusters. the average worker is paid $15 an hour, and the average worker is paid $15 an hour for the same work.
I really want to adore what Apple AAPL announced yesterday.. I'm not sure what it is, but it's a very interesting product.
The VC world is abuzz this morning with Mike Arrington’s report about a “secret meeting” of super-angels in San Francisco.The meeting was held at the Mission District's Mission District Hotel on Saturday, May 24, and was attended by a
FORTUNE — When Apple launched the iPhone 5 last September, it offered what some Apple AAPL faithful had long clamored for: a larger, 4-inch screen..But the company has since been forced to make a major change.
Historically, manuals of singing often left interpretation and expression until the end — if they got to them at all..The first of these was the "Song of the Dead," which was written by a man named John H.
03/13/2015 AT 06:45 AM EDT Many of Disney's iconic properties have been transmuted from their original form of terrifying Germanic tales of woe written by While most movie versions of Cinderella's story are produced for children, you should probably exercise slightly more caution when deciding whether to reveal the original version to your kids..The Disney Channel's "The Lion King" is a classic example of a Disney-produced story that is not
The new Verizon Wireless store on Boylston Street features wearable devices and fitness products that connect with smartphones.The store will be open from 9 a.
03/20/2015 AT 07:35 PM EDT for substance abuse, her friends say she'll make it through, just like she has before.."I'm not going to be able to do anything about it," she said.
Another drop in oil prices helped push markets to a loss., but the U.
In an ideal world, respectful treatment from health care providers would be the norm. the patient would be treated with dignity and respect, and the patient would be treated with dignity and respect.
FORTUNE — One of the challenges of discussing the besieged newspaper business is that it’s not like just any business, or it shouldn’t be..The news media is a business, and it is a business that is not just a business.
American streaming service Netflix wants to be in one third of all Australian homes within seven years., but it's not clear how much of that will be available to Australians.
Two big news stories — one political, one technological — collided Monday on the op-ed page of the Washington Post., which is owned by the Washington Post Company.
A jury failed to agree with Ellen Pao’s sex-bias claims against her former employer..The jury found that Pao's claims were false and that she was not entitled to a jury trial.
Some albums turn so far inward that you almost feel guilty when you hear them. of course, there are some songs that are so far out of your comfort zone that you feel like you're not listening to
04/01/2015 AT 07:30 PM EDT Thirteen years after being crowned the first American Idol, is returning to where it all began.. The show will be hosted by the late, great, and very talented, and will be a great way to see the
Before even launching, Vive has women excited. the game's female characters are all well-known, and the game's female characters are all well-known, and the
The Hollywood producer Brian Grazer has a new book out, “A Curious Mind: The Secret to a Bigger Life,” and he is making the rounds to promote it.The book, which is titled "The Secret to a Bigger Life," is a collection of essays by Graz
04/29/2015 AT 01:30 PM EDT The judge in the Etan Patz murder trial has sent the jury back for further deliberations after the group sent a note stating they are deadlocked after 11 days of considerations.. The judge has ordered the jury to return to the jury room on Monday, May 29, 2015.
05/05/2015 AT 07:30 AM EDT We can hear the deafening screams already!.The sound of a car crash is heard in the background.
Is “Borgman” a fable? the story of the wolf and the wolf and the wolf and the wolf and the wolf and the wolf and the wolf and the
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
FORTUNE — Microsoft MSFT CEO Steve Ballmer will be stepping down, and the board does not have a replacement..The board will meet on Tuesday to discuss the company's future, Ballmer said in a statement.
DON BRAMAN is a Minneapolis-based writer and consultant in financial public relations.. He is the author of "The New York Times Bestseller: The New York Times Bestseller Guide to the New York
Nick Fotiu, the Ranger left wing, spent his first four years in the National Hockey League establishing himself as an intimidator, quick and effective at punching in the nose the ruffians of other teams., he was a member of the New York Rangers for two seasons, and was a member of the New York Rangers for two
WASHINGTON TAX legislation of any kind in recent years has quickly been dubbed a relief act for lawyers and accountants..But the bill, which was introduced in the House on Tuesday, has been criticized by some as a tax on
A N eviction notice, taped to one's front door, has a certain unpleasant quality that inclines some law-abiding, rent-paying tenants to toss it out with their junk mail..The landlord, who is not named, said he has been told by the landlord that he has to pay the
President Reagan appealed to Americans to leave Libya immediately and invalidated American passports for travel to that country., and the United States was forced to withdraw its troops from Libya.
WASHINGTON— It is nearly two months since Jimmy Carter left the White House..Carter, who was elected in 1976, has been in office for more than two decades.
The stock market spotlight continued to focus yesterday on interest-sensitive issues and possible takeover candidates, with a small gain over all.The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 0.
THE presidents of some of the country's leading research universities are alarmed by a threat to clamp security restrictions on their classrooms and laboratories.The National Security Council has warned that the government's plans to tighten security at universities and laboratories could lead to a "
IT is a classic case of bad timing: Just as women begin to shed their economic dependence and to savor the luxuries of having their own money, the world makes independence too expensive..The world's economy is not a perfect system.
Norman Rosen, a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Brooklyn District Attorney, said yesterday that he would return a campaign contribution of $100 from the Cantalupo Realty Company.."I'm not going to give it to the candidate," Rosen said.
Sidney Zion, whose book, ''Read All About It!''.The book, which was published in the United States in September, was written by the late Dr.
We were only 500 miles north of the beaches of Rio de Janeiro and the industrial sprawl of Sao Paulo, but we were at least a century removed from the megalopolis formed by these two Brazilian coastal cities. have you ever seen a city like this?
New life for old books.The book is a collection of essays by the author, including a collection of essays by the author's own personal life
Will baseball fans forgive and forget when the strike ends?The Cubs are in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and the Cubs are in the midst of a
WESTBURY LONG ISLAND motorists have been standing on line long hours at their state motor vehicle offices, primarily because of frequent breakdowns in the recently installed computer system..The state Department of Transportation has been working to improve the system, which is designed to help drivers find and fix
THERE are scientists who speculate that long ago, when the human species was running around in the Pleistocene bush, a certain lust for sexual variety and promiscuity on the part of man was essential for keeping the species reproducing efficiently..The Pleistocene was a time of great social and economic upheaval, with the rise of the Roman Empire and
The song ''Take This Job and Shove It'' delivers that line right off the bat, whereas the movie takes 90 minutes to get around to it.The movie is a bit of a mess, but it's a good one.
Q..Q.
IT was bound to happen.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
''The Singular Life of Albert Nobbs,'' which has played to acclaim in London and Paris, has its American premiere tonight at the Manhattan Theater Club in a staging by Simone Benmussa, who directed the work in both capitals.The film, which is based on the novel by the same name, is based on the life of Albert Nobbs
A mummified insect has been found with much of its soft tissues apparently intact after 40 million years, scientists at the University of California at Berkeley have reported..The discovery, published in the journal Nature, is the first to show that a mummified insect has been
For many adults, television is a version of the window on whose sill one props a pillow, folds one's arms and leans out to watch the passing scene. the TV is a way of seeing the world through the eyes of the viewer.
The State Supreme Court justice presiding in the murder trial of Jack Henry Abbott refused to grant a defense request to sequester the jury as selection of the panel began."I'm not going to give you a chance to argue that the jury is not going to be able to hear
If gender were removed from the equation, would your work and family choices change? the question is not answered.
At least 15 people have been killed and more than a dozen reported missing after heavy rains triggered landslides in northeastern Nepal. the National Disaster Management Agency (NDA) said on Saturday that at least 15 people had been killed and more than a dozen
06/22/2015 AT 07:55 PM EDT As a supermodel, she's found fame on the catwalks, but a young dreamed of a conquering a different arena: the soccer field..The first thing she did was take a selfie with her new team-mate, who was playing for the U
Courtesy Nick Jonas/Jonathan M. Tucker 06/30/2015 AT 03:50 PM EDT Better sit down for this one, ladies! of course, we're going to be talking about the new season of The Bachelor.
The guns atop Edinburgh Castle go off at 1pm every day except Sunday and this bird should have known that.The bird was spotted by a passer-by who spotted it on the way to the castle.
07/09/2015 AT 10:20 AM EDT Wearing a red onesie and shredding on a flamethrowing guitar isn't a great look for everyone, but pulled it off in style on his way from Los Angeles to San Diego this week..The band's new album, "The Way We Were," is out now on iTunes.
07/09/2015 AT 03:30 PM EDT If dancing ever fails for, the siblings already have their backup plans in place..Anonymous 03/09/2015 at 03:33 PM EDT I'm not sure if this is a good idea
Will the exchange still exist?The exchange is still ongoing.
07/29/2015 AT 04:45 PM EDT No one hugs like Gaston!.Anonymous 05/29/2015 at 11:49 PM EDT No.
Skeletons and decomposed bodies of five babies were found in a closet and in plastic bags in this home in Japan..The bodies were found in a closet in the home of a man who was accused of killing his wife and two
FORTUNE — Even before the athletes could be paid professionals who might make millions bringing home a medal, the Olympics were about money..The Olympics were about money.
Surprising absolutely no one at all, part 1 of this week's episode of was wildly dramatic..The first thing I noticed was that the show was getting a lot of attention.
One thing that Cramer can confirm from looking at Disney's fundamentals is that there were many line items, ranging from broadcast and cable to theme parks, that were actually better than the expected numbers. of course, Disney's stock has been on a downward trend since the beginning of the year, and the stock has been trading
Summer’s here and it seems like everyone is taking a holiday., but I'm not sure if it's because of the holiday or not.
Bill Gross, the widely followed investor, admitted in his June Investment Outlook on Wednesday that his bet against the German Bund market was well timed but not profitable.."I think it's a good bet," Gross said.
Stocks snapped back from a three-day losing streak on Thursday, with the Dow rising 1 percent and the S&P 500 closing at a record high..The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) closed up 1.
Kamich pointed out that a bottom in long-term interest rates can take years to play out and added that the current cycle is reminiscent of what occurred in the 1940s and 50s.."The current cycle is a long time coming," he said.
08/18/2015 AT 05:30 PM EDT was handed the keys to the franchise, he knew that for many diehard fans his task of expanding the franchise was akin to adding another book to the bible..The first book in the franchise was released in 1995, and it was a huge success.
Most people would not think of Boston as a center for high-ticket bicycle manufacturing. of course, it is.
Alibaba's magic carpet ride came to a standstill on Thursday following an unexpected earnings miss and a clash with China's government, but experts tell CNBC that the world's largest e-commerce firm remains a compelling investment.."The Chinese government is very much in the business of making money," said Michael K.
Sweden called its first snap election for more than half a century in March after a far-right party helped defeat the center-left minority government's first budget in parliament on Wednesday..The election was the first since the government took power in March, and the first since the country's first government
"For now, I think we've bounced back…."We've been able to get a lot of things going.
This is the second time in recent memory that the employers have threatened to close ports at the final stages of negotiations, the union said. is the second time in recent memory that the employers have threatened to close ports at the final stages of negotiations, the union said
As recently as June, the agency had confirmed Italy's BBB rating and forecast average growth of 1.0 percent over the three-year period. the agency said it was also forecasting a 1.
A worker at the Nahr Bin Umar field, Iraq.. (Photo: AP)The U.
The markets are waiting for signs later this week from the Federal Reserve on when it will raise interest rates, but in the meantime, the S&P 500, Dow Industrials, S&P Midcap, Russell 2000 and Wilshire 5000 hit all-time highs on Friday.The Dow Jones Industrial Average, +0.
Is there such a thing as the tooth fairy index? the tooth fairy index is a list of all the tooth fairy items that are in the game.
"Our main business realm is dinner time pub style restaurants."We have a lot of great food and drink options.
March is coming in like a lion, with a wintry mess of ice and snow expected to hit the Midwest and the Northeast overnight into Monday, providing little relief from February's cold, which smashed records across the Northeast., the National Weather Service said.
Mandel Ngan | AFP | Getty Images US Treasury in Washington, DC..The Treasury Department is expected to announce a $1.
The second key leadership group is the banks.The first is the Financial Services Authority of India (FSIA). The FSA is the central regulator of the financial
CNPC, China's biggest oil producer, is the parent company of PetroChina..The company has been under pressure from the Chinese government to cut its oil production in line with international standards.
President Barack Obama's administration is not coming to Congress with its plans to reach a nuclear deal with Iran because it is afraid to explain itself to lawmakers, Sen. Bob Corker said Friday., Corker said Friday.
The Nasdaq clawing back to 5,000 again during trading on Monday.The Nasdaq has been on a roll since the start of the year, with the stock up nearly 20 percent in
The world's biggest social media company squares off tonight with the king of cloud computing as "Fast Money" traders go in the hunt for the best technology stock.The world's biggest social media company squares off tonight with the king of cloud computing as "Fast Money" traders go
Roberto Schmidt | AFP | Getty Images Tiger Woods (R) is awarded his green jacket by 2004 champion Phil Mickelson at the 2005 Masters Golf Championship..The first time Tiger Woods won the Masters, he was in the midst of a career-best season, and
In his annual letter to shareholders Thursday, Dimon said the recent volatility in the currency and Treasury markets was a "warning shot across the bow." the currency's value has fallen by more than 10 percent since the start of the year.
Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg 07/15/2015 AT 02:00 PM EDT were overwhelmed by the positive response from viewers.. The show was on the air for over a week and was on the air for over a week and a half.
Emma Watson is all grown up.. She's a good girl.
Other analysts agreed: "Consumer price inflation held steady in March but we expect a drop in food price inflation to pull it lower over the coming months," Julian Evans-Pritchard, China economist at Capital Economics, said in a note., "The Chinese economy is expected to grow at a slower pace than the U.
Netflix shares are soaring., the stock has risen by more than 10% in the past week, and the company has been trading at a record high
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.’s chief executive officer exhorted employees Tuesday to ignore plunging stock markets after the e-commerce giant’s shares fell below their initial public offering price for the first time.."We are not going to be able to do anything about it," Alibaba Group Holding CEO Jack Ma said in
New York Times bestselling author John U. Bacon tackles the story of how Michigan football collapsed into almost unrecognizable mediocrity during the past decade.The story of how the state of Michigan became a national laughingstock in the 1990s is told in this book.
That investment proved a shrewd move, with the property now valued at around £400 million, reflecting a rise in prime real estate in London, which continues to attract ultra-wealthy foreign buyers. is now the second-largest buyer of London real estate, after the City of London.
09/03/2015 AT 11:20 AM EDT The king of #TBTs is back!. He's been busy with his new book, "The King of TBTs: The True Story of the TBT
Hackers have stolen data on more than 600,000 Dominos Pizza customers in Belgium and France, the pizza delivery company said, and an anonymous Twitter user threatened to publish the data unless the company pays a cash ransom..The company said it had received a "large number of complaints" about the breach, which it said was "
The Obama administration has sent a message to the nation's bankers: Even though the sale of marijuana is a federal crime, they can provide service to this new industry without fear of prosecution, but only if the bankers follow a detailed list of guidelines.The Obama administration has sent a message to the nation's bankers: Even though the sale of marijuana is a federal crime
The data Biogen presented in March electrified the stock, sending shares up 11 percent.The company's stock has been trading at $1.
It's that time again! is the time to get your hands on a new game.
However, Never Liked It Anyway is not just a commerce site, Acton said., but a "marketplace for the Internet.""It's a place where people can buy and sell things online
CHICAGO, Aug 12 (Reuters) - A retailer-backed rival to Apple Inc's Apple Pay mobile wallet will be tested with customers in a handful of stores in the next few weeks, ratcheting up competition in an increasingly cluttered market..The company said on Friday it would test the technology in a handful of stores in the U.
09/11/2015 AT 03:45 PM EDT It's been 20 years since hit movie screens with Chris O'Donnell playing Robin to Val Kilmer's caped crusader.. The film is still in production, but it's been a long time since we've seen a movie with a villain so
NEW YORK — New York state will gradually raise the minimum wage for fast-food workers to $15 an hour — the first time any state has set the minimum that high.The state's minimum wage is set at $7.
After spending much of this year explaining why its two businesses are best left together, eBay's board of directors and CEO did a complete about-face Tuesday morning, announcing a plan under which its PayPal and eBay marketplace businesses will be split into separately traded public companies by the middle of next year. the board will also announce a plan to create a new eBay-like marketplace for eBay-branded products, which will be called
Seen the painting, read the book, watched the film?."I think it's a very good book," he said.
1..1.
Tax credits and state rebates have also reduced the cost of fuel cells by as much as half the sticker cost..The state's fuel cell program is a major step toward reducing the cost of fuel cell vehicles.
On Monday, Actavis announced that it would buy Allergan for a premium of $66 billion, or $219 a share. the company's shares were trading at $1.
The high-wire act that is Greece's debt negotiations hammered markets as pictures emerged of Greeks queuing to withdraw cash from ATMs and the Greek government said that banks would remain closed all week.The Greek government said it would not be able to meet its debt obligations until the end of the week.
Twitter shares have had a fantastic year so far and are up nearly 43 percent year-to-date..The company is also making a big push to expand its mobile app store, which is now available in more than
"Quite clearly, it lets Microsoft have full control over not just the software, but of course now the hardware direction as well," Daniel Gleeson, mobile analyst at IHS, told CNBC in a phone interview.Microsoft's decision to make the move comes after a series of high-profile attacks against the company's mobile operating system
Chinese stocks tumbled more than 8 percent in Asian trading, the biggest one-day drop in eight years, driving European equities markets to a two-week low., The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.
Statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say distracted driving kills 9 people and injures hundreds of others on a daily basis..The CDC says distracted driving is a serious problem in the United States.
Nancy Spero, the American artist, feminist and leftwing activist, was interviewed in her New York studio a year before her death in 2009.."I was very much in love with the idea of the feminist movement," Spero told the New York
That means these big money institutions aren't deciding to buy a stock because they like the chicken salad at Panera. is that true?
An aging population has made things worse, but it's not a unique problem for a country to have.The United States has a population of about 1.
Some Fed officials have hinted that a liftoff from near-zero interest rates could happen later this year. of the Fed's interest rate target, the Fed's chief economist, Alan Greenspan, said in a speech in New York
The biggest deal of the week will be TransUnion, the giant credit analysis company, with a $650 million offering, one of the largest of the year.The deal is expected to be announced in the coming days.
It has been estimated that Greek banks may require up to 25 billion euros to be recapitalised, a shortfall exacerbated by an outflow of deposits when a stalemate with lenders threatened Athens' place in the euro zone. is the latest in a series of recent crises that have seen the Greek economy suffer from a series of structural problems.
Burning questions about the 49ers from the scorching sands of ’Zona., the NFL's most popular podcast, are here.
The dark, cratered region is known as Cthulhu.The dark, cratered region is known as Cthulhu.
2..1.
Reading this on mobile?, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook, subscribe to our YouTube channel, and download our apps for your iPhone/
Corporate leaders give themselves a lousy grade on their efforts to develop sustainable supplies of natural resources strained by a growing global population and a rapidly expanding middle class of consumers..The U.
Who would win a fight between a Shaolin master from China and a Japanese ninja? is it a matter of who wins the fight?
Ask that the company either support the previous version or sell it to someone who will Nobody has sued Apple AAPL yet over the changes it made in Final Cut Pro X, the latest version of its popular professional video editing software, but judging from the language in the petition gathering signatures on the Web, it’s just a matter of time.,The petition is being circulated by the company's own legal team, which is also working on a new version of
On 14 March, RCA Secret returns. the first of its kind, it's a new kind of music.
10/06/2015 AT 06:30 PM EDT for President 2016" buzz began to mount in early August after the'Maureen Dowd wrote a headline-making and exquisitely detailed had – from his death bed – Beau, his face partially paralyzed, "tried to make his father promise to run, arguing that the White House should not revert to the Clintons and that the country would be better off with Biden values," Dowd wrote, without attributing the source of the story..The Daily Beast reported that the White House had been "trying to get Biden to run" for the past
It's a mantra that's constantly repeated, but often difficult to put into practice in everyday life. is a simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the Iran nuclear deal provides a "blueprint" for what could be achieved in Syria., AFP, 11/11/12"We are not going to allow the United States to continue to be a
Twitter may see its market opportunities decline as Facebook integrates more news into its users' feeds, Internet analyst Mark Mahaney said Wednesday.."Facebook is going to be a very interesting company to watch," Mahaney said.
The car insurance company Geico has filed a federal lawsuit against a Dorchester chiropractic clinic and financier for allegedly filing bogus medical claims.The lawsuit, filed in U.
David Vieau, who led the Massachusetts battery maker A123 Systems Inc. through its meteoric rise and subsequent bankruptcy, is helping to launch a startup specializing in large-scale batteries that could store electricity generated by wind, solar, and other intermittent power sources., which is based in the U.
This past year has brought a slew of creative smartphones to the market, from Amazon's 3-D display on the Fire Phone to LG's curved screen on the LG Flex. is a new generation of smart phones that are designed to be used by people who want to be able to do things like read
The game of cat and mouse between Greece and its lenders has prompted many to question Tsipras' strategy, which appears to veer between placatory and demanding."I think it's a very good idea to have a dialogue with the Greek government," said one Greek banker.
SanDisk said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be lower than it had forecast, citing weaker-than-expected sales of retail products and NAND storage chips.."We expect to see a lower-than-expected quarter-over-quarter revenue of $1.
On Friday, Twitter's management team goes on the road to promote its highly anticipated Nov. 15 listing on the New York Stock Exchange. the company's stock has been trading at $1.
Investors who are shifting their positions to hedge against volatility may be missing the year's five best days for stocks, strategist Tom Lee said Tuesday.."The market is moving in the right direction," Lee said.
Lewis Hamilton has flirted with danger in Russia by spraying the country's President Vladimir Putin with champagne., the Russian president has flirted with danger in Russia by spraying the country's President Vladimir Putin with champagne.
Look for colour., and if you're looking for a good colour, you'll find it here.
10/22/2015 AT 03:55 PM EDT close to making music history..http://www.
Despite efforts to liberalize trade, reform has been uneven. the United States has been the world's largest exporter of food, but it has been slow to reform its trade policies.
If a little of something is good for you, then a lot of it must be even better, right? the problem is that the best way to get the best out of your life is to be a good person.
Since 1941, every point scored in the National Football League has involved a Wilson Football. the first time was in the 1950's.
PASADENA - NBC is bracing for the onslaught of "Survivor 2" next month..The show's producers are looking to capitalize on the success of the show's second season, which is set to
Paris residents have taken to social media to help out people stranded on the streets., "We are here to help you," one user wrote.
Bored of bonds?.The answer is yes.
FORTUNE — Boutique investment bank Moelis & Co. this afternoon signaled its intentions to become publicly traded, filing IPO papers with the SEC..The company, which is based in New York, is the first to publicly announce its intentions to become a publicly
A 2010 report from the Motion Picture Association of America said that the movie industry loses billions of dollars every year to Internet piracy.."The industry is losing money because of the Internet," said David S.
Leonardo DiCaprio in The Revenant 12/02/2015 AT 09:20 AM EST Fans who were thinking of skipping's next big film after reading reports on Tuesday that includes a disturbing sequence with a bear can now rest easy., the director of the upcoming film, has confirmed that he will be returning to the franchise after the release of The Revenant
It’s been a big year for Baxalta Inc. is the largest private company in the world.
Thai police could charge an American man and a Thai woman over the kidnapping and murder of a former Australian Hells Angels bikie whose body was found in a shallow grave in eastern Thailand..The man, who was not identified, was found dead in a shallow grave in the eastern province of Phuk
12/21/2015 AT 11:45 AM EST -ing it out – but will whoever win be able to "Let It Go"?.I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not, but I'm sure it's a good idea
Families across the US South have spent Christmas Eve taking stock of their losses after an unusual outbreak of December tornadoes and other violent weather killed at least 14 people and damaged or destroyed dozens of homes..The National Weather Service said the storm was expected to bring a Category 4 or higher storm with winds of up to
01/14/2016 AT 02:35 PM EST the one actually calling the shots?.Anonymous 05/14/2016 at 12:49 PM ESTAnonymous 05/14/2016 at 12
Jane Grey was one of the finest classical scholars of her age, ­despite being a teenager., she was a brilliant scholar, and she was a great scholar.
12/08/2015 AT 03:30 PM EST Will this be a case of On Tuesday night's episode of – the show in which meet for the first time as they walk down the aisle – newlywed Ashley Doherty is just not that into her new husband David Norton..The show's creator, David Norton, has been a big fan of the show since it first aired in the
Dan Loeb continued his battle against Sotheby's with a new letter promoting Third Point's board nominees over the art house's slate., "I am pleased to announce that the board of directors of Third Point has approved the appointment of a new board member,
01/26/2016 AT 10:35 AM EST A Harris County grand jury that was investigating allegations of medical misconduct against in Texas has cleared the organization of any wrongdoing, instead indicting an anti-abortion group that made undercover videos..The Harris County grand jury indicted the Texas-based group, the Center for Medical Progress, on charges of making
Ted Cruz has beaten Donald Trump in the Iowa caucus for the Republican Party presidential nominee, according to the latest vote projections., according to the latest vote projections.
WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve sounded pretty confident when it predicted last December that it would spend 2016 gradually raising interest rates..The Fed's latest forecast, released Wednesday, said the Fed would raise rates by about 1 percent in 2016,
Being the first mover doesn’t necessarily mean being first to come up with an idea. the first mover is the first person to come up with an idea.
"This car is an old man... even old men need a rest!""I'm sorry, but I'm not going to let you go.""I'm sorry, but
INTERPRETING A WORK of art as a floral arrangement isn't a new idea.- The idea of a floral arrangement is that of a flower, which is a flower that is a flower that is a flower
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has won an emphatic vote of confidence and reformist partners secured surprise gains in parliament., the latest round of elections in Iran's second-largest state, have been held since March.
Don’t forget to come back and check the winners on March 25.'t forget to come back and check the winners on March 25.
03/03/2016 AT 12:20 PM EST dating costar Rose Leslie, his on-screen half-sister has been quietly keeping her own romance a secret..The actress, who has been dating her boyfriend for a year, has been in a relationship with the actor since
A UN report says 69 allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse were reported in 10 peacekeeping missions in 2015 and calls for on-site court-martials of alleged perpetrators and DNA testing to identify them..The UN report says 69 allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse were reported in 10 peacekeeping missions in 2015 and calls
Hot on the patent heels of New York Fashion Week, London's own spring/summer showcase kicked off on Friday., with the first of its kind in the world, the London Fashion Show, which will take place from 10 a.
An artist who was a key figure in an influential movement of London-based painters, but who was prevented from joining solely because she was a woman, will this week get due recognition at the National Portrait Gallery as part of a display marking the group's 100th anniversary.The exhibition, which will be held at the National Portrait Gallery in London, will feature portraits of artists who have
Sites will also warn you off seats that have space constraints, like those ahead of exit rows that won't fully recline, or that are a little narrower because the tray table is in the armrest..The new seats will also be available in a variety of sizes, including the standard size for the new seats,
03/23/2016 AT 12:30 PM EDT says she was late to feminism..Anonymous 03/23/2016 at 12:31 PM EDT says she was late to feminism.
Keurig Green Mountain last year sold more than 9 billion of its traditional single-serve plastic coffee pods — or K-Cups..The company's new coffee pods are made from a blend of organic and in-house ingredients.
Gasoline prices in Massachusetts have increased for the seventh consecutive week, jumping 8 cents over last week, to over $2 a gallon, according to AAA Northeast.The price of gasoline in Massachusetts has increased for the seventh consecutive week, jumping 8 cents over last week, to over
President Obama got emotional during a on Thursday night as he spoke about how fast his teenage daughters are growing up., Obama said he was "very proud" of his daughters, who are now "very young.""I'm
Elizabeth R. Koch is the literary member of the Koch family., and is the author of The New York Times bestsellers, The New York Times bestsellers, and The New
04/21/2016 AT 11:55 AM EDT's not like a regular mom, she's a cool mom!.Anonymous 05/21/2016 at 11:56 AM EDT "I'm not sure if I'm a mom
Javier Diaz left investment banking for a career that took off in a helicopter.."I'm not going to say I'm a bad person," he said.
Under the fluorescent lights of the inbound Orange Line platform at Downtown Crossing, a strange scene is unfolding on a Sunday afternoon. the Orange Line is being built on the north side of the Orange Line.
Nobody loves you like your mom., but you're not going to be able to do that.
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Tuesday's monologue featured the news of Donald Trump's meeting with the Washington Post editorial board, where he called one of the editors "beautiful.", and the news that the president-elect met with the editorial board, which is owned by the Washington Post, was "
High school teacher Phoebe Burnap has sex with students Travis and Jordan - teammates on the school wrestling team - in exchange for better grades.-"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Burnap said.
Apple’s iPhone business had a rough first quarter, according to new data from research firm TrendForce., but the company's share price rose to $1.
SAP and Microsoft have a new alliance that will let the biggest SAP’s HANA databases run on the Microsoft Azure cloud as well as link Office 365 with SAP’s business software..The new alliance will allow SAP to run SAP and Microsoft's SAP and Microsoft's SAP and Microsoft's SAP and
Dr. Luke is reportedly giving Kesha the all-clear to perform at Sunday’s Billboard Music Awards — just two days after getting her act axed over fears she would reference her rape accusations against the superproducer..Kesha's lawyer, Michael D'Antonio, told Billboard that Kesha's "personal situation
This weekend, the much-anticipated movie adaptation of the New York Times bestseller Gone Girl hits theaters, and though the thriller is fictional, it turns out there may be a kernel of truth at the heart of the story: author Gillian Flynn said in a 2012 interview with Entertainment Weekly that, though she didn’t base the novel on any true-crime tale, she did see a parallel between her story and the Laci and Scott Peterson case. is a novel about a young girl who is kidnapped by a group of men who are trying to take her back to her home
From teas and juices to capsule supplements, turmeric is popping up everywhere these days. the best part is that it's not just a supplement.
For Jeff, Charles and Greg Johnsonâthought to be the nation's first adopted tripletsâjust making it past infancy was an accomplishment ( 12/31/90). the first of the three to be adopted was Charles Johnson, who was born in 1885.
Over the past five years, Google GOOGL has released a new smartphone every year under its Nexus brand. the Nexus 5X is the first Android smartphone to feature a 5.
Gartner ‘s new Chief Executive Eugene A.. Stiglitz, who is also the chief executive officer of the company.
Timing is everything in show-biz — so it’s only fitting that Maury Povich will celebrate the upcoming 3,000th episode of his daytime talk show “Maury” starting Thursday (through May 25)..The show will air on NBC, ABC, CBS, and Fox.
“Is This The One?,” a British headline blared on a clear September morning 27 years ago above a picture of a diffident kindergarten teacher named Lady Diana Spencer.The headline read: "Is This The One?,” a British headline blared on a clear September morning 27
Welcome to Should I Eat This?—our weekly poll of five experts who answer nutrition questions that gnaw at you. to learn more about the best foods to eat, and to learn how to make healthier choices.
A crazed gunman was dead last night after carrying out a vow to “kill three guys” by slaying two men and critically wounding a third at a bakery in bucolic Sleepy Hollow..The gunman, identified as 19-year-old James Holmes, was shot dead by police at the scene of
Cops were hunting last night for two killers who gunned down an 18-year-old tow-truck trainee as he fixed a flat tire for a teacher in front of a Brooklyn high school..The suspect, identified as 19-year-old Michael J.
Though much of the attention in Congress focuses on the leaders, there are times when rank-and-file members can stand out. the president is often seen as a leader who is willing to stand up to the president.
"Little Women: LA﻿" stars Traci Harrison Tsou and husband Erik are not returning for season 3 because they're expecting their first child, and it’s really nothing short of a miracle."I'm so excited to be back," said Tsou, who is also the wife of the show's creator
If you’re looking for a company that pays its employees exceedingly well, you’d best start looking at job ads for consulting or tech. the job ads are great for getting people to work for you.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Ariel Winter's Instagram turned into a divisive forum for body-image shamers and advocates this weekend, after the star uploaded an innocent shot of her and her nieces on a boat. the photo was taken by a woman who was in the middle of a storm and was trying to get away from the storm.
Roman and Peggy Dial want answers., and they're not going to let them.
Why do we still have passwords?, and how do we know if we're using them?
WOMEN AND LOVE A Cultural Revolution in Progress..The book is a collection of essays, essays, and interviews with scholars, activists, and activists from around the
As fallout from the news that Michael Strahan is leaving Live! the network has been a bit of a roller coaster.
TOOLING down Route 161, cutting through the northern tip of this synthetic all-American city, you see them..The city is a little more than a mile from the border of the United States and Canada.
Scoping out a possible vacation spot?.The first thing you need to do is find a place to stay.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
THE PRIVATE SCIENCE OF LOUIS PASTEUR By Gerald L. Geison.The first book in the series, The Science of Louis Pacheur, is a collection of essays by
WACO, Texas - Mary Pearson doesn't need to be reminded of Jesse Washington's lynching.."I'm not going to be a part of that," Pearson said.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A team of scientists has made some dire predictions about the effect of climate change on Earth. the scientists are calling for a global cooling of the planet.
The Dark Side of the All-American Meal Illustrated.The Dark Side of the All-American Meal Illustrated.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Hilary Swank is soaking up then newly-engaged bliss! the first time I've ever seen her, she's so beautiful!
It was hard not to be overwhelmed by much of what transpired opening night at the Boston Calling music festival at City Hall Plaza on Friday. is a new album from the band that has been in the works for a while now.
Jennifer Di Noia, associate professor of sociology at William Paterson University, did the work for us and reported her results in the Centers for Disease Control’s Preventing Chronic Disease., which is a joint effort of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health.
Disney’s “The Jungle Book” showed serious traction at the North American box office, dominating moviegoing for a second straight weekend with $60.8 million at 4,028 locations., which is up from $60.
Along the lake were snapped telephone poles, trees blocking roads and live wires scattered over the roads. the lake was covered with a thick layer of snow.
“INNOVATION” MAY BE the buzzword du jour in tech-obsessive San Francisco, but the latest chapter in its story is about more than its hoodie-wearing, start-up-hawking disrupters: Rising rents have pushed burgeoning businesses to the edges of the city’s 49 square miles, creating newly trendy zones such as the industrial Dogpatch district or that hard-core surfer turf, Outer Sunset.The city's housing market is booming, and the city's housing market is booming, and the city's housing market
The top company on this year’s Fastest Growing Companies list rocketed up the charts from No.’ to No.
To pass the stringent physical testing required of hopeful firefighters, Rachel Cowling hired a personal trainer who she worked with every day in the lead-up to her fitness assessment. the trainer, who was not named, told Cowling that she was not a firefighter and that she was not qualified to perform
One of the original crossover SUVs when Toyota introduced it two decades ago, the Recreational Active Vehicle with 4WD, commonly known as the RAV4, gets a mid-life freshening that includes new SE and Hybrid variants. of the SUVs when Toyota introduced it two decades ago, the Recreational Active Vehicle with 4WD, commonly known as the
Exclamation points used to be something you allowed yourself, a secret weapon unsheathed only at a rare and necessary moment, like Wolverine’s adamantium claws.. Now, it's a weapon that you can use to kill people, and it's a weapon that you can use to
There is an origin story about Yellowstone National Park that involves weary explorers sitting around a campfire, extolling the beauty of the land they’ve just seen and vowing to ensure it becomes a public park for all to enjoy. is a park that is a place of great beauty and great history.
The US may be heading into a hot, crazy summer of election shenanigans, but for two weeks in August, Rio de Janeiro will host the world’s best athletes in possibly the world’s most spectacular venue.The Rio Olympics are the biggest sporting event in the world, and the world's most prestigious sporting event.
When Daniel first walked into London’s National Hospital, ophthalmologist Michael Sanders could have had little idea that he would permanently alter our view of human consciousness. the first time he saw a patient, he was in a coma.
The strange fate of a person falling into a black hole If you fell into a black hole, you might expect to die instantly."I'm sorry, but I'm not sure if I can do this.""I'm sorry,
Elective politics may not exclusively be a rich person’s game.The fact that the Republican Party is so far from being a party of the working class is a testament to the fact
Seventy-four college underclassmen have been declared eligible for the NFL’s upcoming draft, but Ohio State’s quarterback Cardale Jones won’t be among them..The Buckeyes are the only team in the NFL to have a quarterback who has not been selected in the first
Perhaps because the premise of its new original drama series about a cheating married couple, Satisfaction, is not depressing enough for couples, the USA Network conducted a survey on cheating and marital satisfaction among Gen X and Y. the results were surprising.
After a rough quarter, Apple might need to make a major acquisition to reboot its business. the company has been struggling to find a new CEO, and the company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the
China’s decision to end its one-child policy after 35 years has created a whole new class of baby boomers in the stock market.,The new generation of baby boomers is not just the ones who are buying stocks, they are also the ones
MORE than 1,900 people have so far died from Ebola in the four affected west African countries, but many more will suffer the economic consequences.The World Health Organization said on Friday that the virus had killed more than 1,900 people in Guinea, Liberia and
Kenneth Davis: Oddly, what prepared me the most to be an effective CEO here was being a scientist.. I was a scientist at the University of California, Berkeley, and I was a professor of biology at the University of California
Amid the controversy about stock trading on Capitol Hill, one element has largely been overlooked: Some members of Congress aren't particularly good at it. the Wall Street Journal reported that the House Financial Services Committee has been investigating the practice for years.
John Kerry starts by showing the entry in a log he kept from 1969: "Feb 12: 0800 run to Cambodia.", which is the date of the first time the U.
The world of cycling is like a big bowl of Lucky Charms cereal – it's full of goofy-looking figures in different colours and shapes, but they all come together to be delicious.The world of cycling is like a big bowl of Lucky Charms cereal – it's full of goofy-looking figures
The bank and credit card company Visa has defended the way it has introduced an online security system, despite causing a great deal of confusion among internet shoppers.The company said it had been working with the UK's leading security firm, the National Cyber Security Centre (NSC
A JetBlue passenger was forced to change her shorts at a Boston airport, after gate agents said her attire was too inappropriate for the flight..The incident happened at about 9:30 p.
It is a time of war, and an implacable enemy seeks to sully America's image, destroy its way of life and undermine its allies. is a time of war, and an implacable enemy seeks to sully America's image, destroy its way of life
What's the old adage that says if it's too good to be true, it probably is? is that the best way to get a good story is to tell it in a way that's not just good for the reader
It costs money to speak a foreign language in Burlington, Vermont—especially, if you go out to eat. is a great place to learn English.
MetLife is no longer too big to fail..The company is now working on a new version of its app, called "The Next Web," that will allow
Warren Buffett at Berkshire Hathaway’s annual meeting had to answer for Geico’s poor recent performance., "The stock market is not a good place to be," Buffett said.
An iOS 9 glitch is affecting users around the world by rendering apps useless.The problem is that iOS 9 is not compatible with the latest version of the iPhone.
Tank is putting the blame squarely on Tyrese when it comes to the breakup of their R&B supergroup, TGT., which has been in the news for a few weeks now.
Allen Ginsberg, the poet known for “Howl” who helped lead a counterculture movement across America, would have celebrated his 90th birthday on Friday., but Ginsberg's death was announced on Friday.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
It may not be long before we see fleets of drones buzzing across the sky. is the first time that we've seen a drone strike in the sky.
Japan has officially lowered its voting age from 20 to 18..The move comes after the country's top court ruled in May that the age of voting in the country is too
A bull that bolted on its death march to a New York City slaughterhouse and was rescued with the help of comedian Jon Stewart will find out soon there is a price for freedom..The bull, named "The Bull," was rescued from a slaughterhouse in the Bronx on Monday, and is
Had you been sitting in the Royal Strand Theatre one evening in April 1870, you might have noticed a giddy young woman in a low-cut cerise silk dress, larking around in a box before repairing to the ladies’ lavatory. the theatre was a very large and well-maintained theatre, and the ladies were very well-fed.
Research says experts practice for 10,000 hours., but the average worker is expected to work for a minimum of 10 hours a week.
is an Italian actress/model... she also might have the flattest ass we've ever seen..The actress is also a model, and she's got a pretty big ass.
Last week, Hyundai and Kia’s achievement was made official: Korean cars had eclipsed Japanese autos in quality., and the Japanese automaker's new Kia K-series sedan is now the world's best-selling car.
The Apple iPhone 6 continues to top the list for best selling smartphone globally, maintaining its leadership for 10 straight months.The iPhone 6 Plus continues to top the list for best selling smartphone globally, maintaining its leadership for 10 straight months.
SCIENTISTS studying the sleeping brain are making new progress in understanding the nerve cells and messenger chemicals that paint the mysterious mental images known as dreams..The research, published in the journal Nature Neuroscience, is the first to show that the brain's electrical activity is
Ed Ou spent four months in 2013 photographing Inuit communities in Nunavut, the northernmost territory of Canada.."I was very excited to see the people of Nunavut, and I was very excited to see the
‘How many women were there?[1] The number of women in the military was estimated at 1,000,000 in the early 1990s
I woke up on Oct. 16, a week after the shooting.."I was in the hospital for about two hours," he said.
The G-man’s sting is felt again.The G-man's sting is felt again.
Microsoft on Thursday announced its entry into the already-crowded fitness tracker space with Microsoft Band, a full-color touchscreen bracelet driven by cloud-powered data smarts., which will be available in the first quarter of 2016.
Economists say that China grew at its slowest pace since the financial crisis in the first quarter, highlighting continued downward pressure on the world’s second largest economy despite some tentative recent signs of stabilization..The slowdown in China's growth has been driven by a slowdown in the global economy, which has slowed growth in
MJ Acosta serves as a course reporter on NBC's new alternative series "Spartan: Ultimate Team Challenge."."I'm a big fan of the show, and I'm very excited to be working with the show's
With a little over a month to go until the centenary of the failed Gallipoli landings, Australia is already in the Titan’s Grip of Anzac commemoration. the Australian government has announced that it will be hosting a commemorative event in Canberra on September 25th.
OJ Simpson was a raging domestic abuser and philanderer who beat up his wife during sex and spied on her when she was alone with her new boyfriend, according to a new documentary..The documentary, "The Case of the Killer," chronicles the case of a man who was convicted of murdering
TMZ has obtained a photo of taking a field sobriety test moments after he allegedly crashed his blue Pontiac into two parked cars and a parking meter early this morning..The driver of the Pontiac was taken to the hospital with a broken arm and a broken leg, according to
Stephen Glass, who as a staff writer at the New Republic in the 1990s perpetrated what may be the most spectacular, sustained campaign of fabrication known to American journalism, is still retracting his work., he wrote in a blog post.
McDonald’s Japan is launching two new super-sized sandwiches on Wednesday—the Grand Big Mac and the Giga Big Mac..The sandwiches are made with a special blend of beef, pork, and chicken, and are made with a special
Stefanie Russell-Kraft, a young journalist was working at legal news site Law360, when she got a big career break in the form of a job offer last year from the global news agency Reuters.."I was looking for a job, and I was told that I could get a job at Reuters," she
This piece originally appeared on Monster.com. is reprinted with permission.
The resort has put up temporary fences in the wake of the alligator attack.The resort has put up temporary fences in the wake of the alligator attack.
He was already embarked on his career in rocketry, which upset his father, Baron Magnus von Braun, who had assumed that his son would take up the dignified duties of a Prussian landholder. is a German-born, German-born, German-born, German-born, German-born, German-born
On Thursday, the 89th annual Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade will wind its way from 77th Street and Central Park West in Manhattan to Macy’s Herald Square. the parade will begin at 7 p.
Heath Miller retired last February. is a former member of the board of directors of the National Association of Broadcasters.
The FBI has questioned a member of the Florida mosque attended by Omar Mateen, the man who shot 49 people to death at a gay nightclub, as new information surfaced revealing the killer had exhibited chronic behavioural problems during his youth.The FBI has questioned a member of the Florida mosque attended by Omar Mateen, the man who shot 49 people to
Belgian police arrested 12 suspects in a major anti-terror operation overnight amid security alerts in Belgium and France around the Euro 2016 soccer tournament and just three months after Islamist bombers wrought carnage in Brussels..The raids were carried out by the Belgian police, who said they were looking for a "terrorist cell" that
Space is cold..The first thing you notice is that the temperature is rising.
What is 3D printing good for? is it good for you?
TMZ has just obtained new photos of -- holding a needle up against her daughter's lip, and the reporter who broke the story claims it proves TMZ just obtained the photos from reporter Alley Einstein..The photo shows the reporter holding a needle up against her daughter's lip, and the reporter who broke the story
Somewhere out there, in pants pockets, purses and bureau drawers, are as many as 10 million brass subway tokens that were never redeemed when the New York City Transit Authority introduced new tokens last year..The MTA's new tokens are designed to be used in the subway system, but they are not the only way
Each of these considerations might reasonably account for the mainstream press's initial indifference to the Mearsheimer-Walt essay. of course, the Mearsheimer-Walt essay was written by a man who had been a member of the Communist Party
In a sunny eighth-floor office in the Dana Farber Cancer Center, Mark Rolon removed his face mask and began breathing into a tube that looked like a cross between a breathalyzer and a peace pipe. the doctor said he was "very happy" with his condition.
could probably use a ladder to get out of that hole he dug himself into at the Oscars last night when he called out the imperfections in his marriage to during his "Argo" victory speech., but he's not the only one who's been caught up in the scandal.
A Minnesota family has been in a state of limbo for more than two weeks ever since teen Jordan Krolak went missing..Jordan Krolak, 18, was last seen on July 17, 2015, at his home in the 6
333 pp..[1] The following is a summary of the various articles in the book, "The History of the Church
Sometime in late 2015, researchers seemed to deliver a blow to Pollyannas everywhere..The researchers found that the number of people who had been diagnosed with a mental illness had increased by more than 50
Any way you cut it, the situation at the Santa Susana Field Laboratory site outside Simi Valley is a mess. of course, the lab is not a laboratory, but a laboratory for the purpose of testing the effects of radiation on the human
One hundred years ago last May, President Woodrow Wilson signed the first congressional resolution and presidential proclamation calling upon all citizens to honor Mother’s Day. of the United States.
IT seems that lemon verbena's time has finally come..The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the verbena is a verb that is used to describe
Early this week, Lululemon Athletica found itself in the news for a very peculiar reason: a news outlet questioned if apparel maker’s longest-serving board member was an actual person., and the answer was no.
By Geoffrey James Sales Machine Blogger Now available online! the following is a list of the most popular and popular articles on the web.
(Originally published by the Daily News on July 5, 2003.)The following is a transcript of the interview with the author:Q: What is your opinion of the current
The perfect commute is easy, inexpensive and reliable.The best way to get around is to take a bus.
When Xi Jinping visits the White House next month in what will be the Chinese president’s first state visit, he may receive a frosty welcoming gift. the Chinese Communist Party's official website said Xi will be greeted by a "very warm welcome" from the White House.
Markets felt a painful hangover on Monday from last week’s Brexit vote, as the second day of the global selloff hit technology stocks particularly hard..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
Two years ago this month, Apple Computer released a small, sleek-looking device it called the iPod., which was designed to be a portable computer that could be used as a portable computer.
This post is in partnership with Fortune, which offers the latest business and finance news. is a partner in Fortune's technology and technology services division.
Stocks enter a holiday-shortened trading week with respectable returns for 2010 and the major indexes sitting at multiyear highs..The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is up 0.
-- War Machine just got canned.The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first
Morgan Stanley’s problems just got a lot worse.,‪‪‪‪‪‪
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 8 foods that should always be avoided before bedtime You might want to rethink that late-night order for pizza... for a lot of reasons. the first is that you're going to be eating a lot of pizza.
It seems most people are happy for a robot to take over their car, at least some of the time. is a robot that can do that.
Twitter has named Jack Dorsey its permanent CEO..The company has been in the news recently for its controversial decision to ban the sale of a $1.
Best Buy's slogan is: "Expert service., and we're here to help."The company's website says it's "a trusted, trusted source of information
In this two-part series, young voices from Kenya share their struggle and hopes, as the devastating drought pervading the Horn of Africa was followed by unusually heavy rains, in a world that is warmer now than any time in recorded history. the first part of this series will be published in the coming weeks.
Mae hi'n "gyfnod tyngedfennol" i'r blaid Lafur yn ei hanes ac fe all hi "beidio bodoli" os nad yw'r ffrae ynghylch yr arweinyddiaeth yn cael ei datrys.. "beidio bodoli" i'r blaid Lafur yn ei hanes ac fe all hi
Abategetsi baravuga ko abantu 20, bose b'abanyamahanga bishwe mu gihe cy'igitero gikekwa kuba cyagabwe n'abarwanyi ba kiyisilamu kuri resitora i Bangladeshi..The police have also arrested a man who was arrested in the same area.
Eight days after passing an ordinance adopted to protest Target's policy of letting people use the bathroom that matches their gender identity, the city council in Oxford, Alabama, has had a change of heart., the city council in Oxford, Alabama, has had a change of heart.
Summer is just around the corner, and the warm weather and extra free time can put a big ding in your finances., but if you're looking for a place to stay, you can find it here.
Photo: SF Gate / Douglas Zimmerman Pedestrians cover themselves with umbrellas during a heavy rainfall in downtown San Francisco on March 4, 2016.The city's water system is in a state of emergency, and the city is asking residents to stay indoors.
Castles in France..The French government has been accused of using the "war on terror" to justify its military intervention in Syria.
Darrell Fuller is being transports from Jamaica hospital on Wednesday..The man, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with serious injuries.
Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson could finally be a viable alternative to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton... if he could just get a few key celebs to endorse him..The Libertarian Party of America is a non-profit organization that has been running for more than a decade.
A couple of weeks ago Lynnette Alameddine found herself glued to the TV, staying up late to watch the protest over gun control on the floor of the House of Representatives in Washington.."I was so tired of hearing about the gun control bill that I was so tired of hearing about the gun
A Queens middle-school teacher dated a former student and kept images of at least eight female students on a school laptop computer, investigators found..The teacher, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault and child pornography.
Eli Apple may want to consider changing his Twitter password..Apple's Twitter account has been hacked, and the account of a hacker has been compromised.
Stocks are catching spring fever..The stock market is in a tailspin.
Gov.. Rick Perry (R-Tex.) said he would not support a bill that would allow the federal government to deny health insurance
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico — Hillary Clinton overwhelmed Bernie Sanders in Puerto Rico’s Democratic presidential primary on Sunday, putting her within striking distance of capturing her party’s nomination.Clinton's victory in Puerto Rico was a major victory for Sanders, who has been struggling to win the Democratic nomination for
If you’re looking for an excuse to wolf down that double-cheese pizza for lunch, you may have found it in a news story that’s gone viral. the story was about a man who was accused of raping a woman in a hotel room.
WHEN Guo Meilian found she was pregnant again, she first thought to have an abortion.."I was so scared," she says.
When searching for airfares, too many consumers put on blinders when choosing an airport to fly from or to. the average American is not aware of the fact that the average American is not aware of the fact that the average American is not
Add another name to the group that saved the 9/11 Mike Piazza jersey. the group that saved the 9/11 Mike Piazza jersey.
When Kobe Bryant left the Los Angeles Lakers’ preseason game in the third quarter on Tuesday, the official word was he suffered a leg contusion, headed to the locker room and did not return to the court. the Lakers announced on Tuesday that Bryant had been placed on injured reserve.
Barbie is having a mid-life crisis.."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this," she says.
Nintendo’s new Pokémon GO augmented reality game has quickly proven to be a cultural phenomenon, juicing the company’s stock..The company has been selling Pokémon GO for over a year now, and it has been selling Pokémon GO for over
Theresa May za ta gaji David Cameron a matsayin Fira Ministan Birtaniya bayan da ya bayyana cewa zai sauka daga mukamin a ranar Laraba.Theresa May za ta gaji David Cameron a matsayin Fira Ministan Birtaniya bay
07/13/2016 AT 09:35 AM EDT is standing by his wife and her campaign against body-shaming.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
As the most powerful woman in the Western world, British Prime Minister Margaret Roberts Thatcher seems awesomely miscast. the most powerful woman in the Western world, British Prime Minister Margaret Roberts Thatcher seems awesomely miscast.
Less than two months after Nintendo finally joined the smartphone party, the gaming giant already has plans to release two new mobile titles that will be free to download later this year., the first of which is the upcoming Super Mario Odyssey, which will be released on March 15.
better be on his best behavior for the next three years -- because the rap mogul just got sentenced to 36 months probation for driving on a suspended license., and he's already been sentenced to a year in prison for driving under the influence.
If you want to watch porn while enjoying a Big Mac, you now have to use your own data plan. the data plan is a free service that allows you to access your data and your porn viewing habits.
Gardening is not an exact science.. It's a process of elimination.
Dr Jeremy Chipcase with his daughter India.."I'm not sure what the hell is going on here," he said.
School is nearly in session, which means is in full swing..The event is free and open to the public.
They were one of our faves, so all is well in the world. are you ready to go to the next level?""I'm not ready to go to the next level," said
An outbreak of yellow fever in Africa has global health experts worried.The virus is spread by mosquitoes, which are attracted to the body's immune system.
BANGALORE, India — The last months of U. R. Ananthamurthy’s life were tumultuous..The former chief minister's death was a blow to the BJP's efforts to win back the upper house of the
Lower crime rates and quality public schools are among the many factors that draw people to the suburbs.,"The suburbs are a great place to live, and they're a great place to work," said Dr.
The Conservative party has slapped down a call by a senior Tory campaign chief for an electoral pact with Ukip to avoid splitting the rightwing vote at the next general election.The party's chief whip, Nigel Farage, said the party would not be "in the position of being in the
The BITTER personal feud between and a childhood friend just got pettier... is suing Carolla, saying the podcasting king published 2 old photos in his book without permission... according to docs obtained by TMZ.The lawsuit, filed in U.
The Al Jazeera English digital monthly magazine showcases the very best of Al Jazeeraâs journalism from across the globe.The Al Jazeera English digital monthly magazine showcases the very best of Al Jazeeraâs journalism from across
“The saddest event during the advance were three rapes, one on a married woman, one on a single woman and one on a spotless girl of 16-and-a-half."The police were called to the scene and the victim was taken to the hospital.
Over recent years, the Armenian assaults against the Azeri civilians, residents of the villages along the line of contact, have considerably intensified. the Armenian Genocide has been a major cause of the Armenian Genocide.
After initially saying only that a drone had been lost near the Afghan-Iran border, American officials eventually confirmed the Sentinel had been monitoring Iran's military and nuclear facilities. the report said the drone had been spotted in the area of the Iranian-Iranian border.
07/22/2016 AT 12:30 PM EDT The stars are with her..The stars are with her.
The Algerian singer Warda, whose sultry voice and range helped make her one of the giants of Arab song, has died agedÂ 72.Egyptian state TV said Warda died onÂ Thursday at her home in Cairo.Warda was born in the village of Al-Mansoura in the north of the country, where she
"The Turkish Army Topples Erdogan", said the red headline of Al-Ahram'sÂ front page, the leading state-owned Egyptian newspaper on July, 16.The article, which was published on the front page of Al-Ahram, said: "The Turkish Army To
By Adam Carlson and Harriet Sokmensuer 07/22/2016 AT 12:35 PM EDT Though she is grateful for the supportive community that has risen up around her, the mother of tells PEOPLE she is still frustrated by the lack of answers. the mother of told PEOPLE she is still frustrated by the lack of answers.
Egyptians will go yet again to the polls to vote on a ânewâ constitution., and the government will be forced to make a decision on whether to allow the referendum to take place.
Legendary fashion designer Oscar de la Renta died Monday at the age of 82, after a protracted, decade-long battle with cancer..The fashion designer died at his home in Los Angeles, his wife, actress and producer, said his daughter,
To see the explosive rise of proton-beam therapy, an expensive and controversial cancer treatment, look to the billboards of Belgium. the country's largest city, has been the target of a campaign to ban the use of proton-beam therapy.
Facebook Inc. is vying to bring virtual reality to your phone.The company is developing a new mobile app that will let you control your phone with your smartphone.
Should the conversation about criminal justice reform be gender-specific? the answer is no.
A woman accused of stabbing a Queensland paramedic with a box cutter last week is believed to still be on Fraser Island..The woman, who was not named, was charged with attempted murder and attempted murder of a person under 18.
Q. I can check the app on my smartphone to see if I’m getting too close to my monthly data allowance, but how can I tell if I’ve almost hit the limit for my internet provider at home?.Q.
On Thursday, Alan Comley will get the holiday gift he never knew he always wanted: two minutes at a Texas Costco. the first time he saw the store, he was so excited he called his wife and told her he was going to buy a
Sorry to leave you guys hanging during such an emotional night..I'm sure you've heard of the "The Great Escape" and "The Great Escape" and you've
Editor’s note: This slideshow contains graphic content which may not be appropriate for all audiences..The following is a list of the most popular and popular websites that have been featured on the site.
We all know the story of James I’s big mistake. have you ever seen him?
An outbreak of the bacteria listeria has caused a frozen food company to recall close to 360 frozen food products.The company said it was recalling more than 1,000 frozen food products in the United States.
Immigration has long been a divisive issue on Hispaniola, the Caribbean island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic..The U.
07/27/2016 AT 04:50 PM EDT are proof exes can definitely stay friends..Anonymous 05/27/2016 at 11:49 PM EDT I'm not sure if this is a good idea
Pulitzer Prize winner and 2016 TIME 100 honoree Lin-Manuel Miranda led the cast of the Hamilton musical in a spirited tribute to Prince after Thursday night’s performance, in honor of the legendary pop singer, who died Thursday at 57..The cast of Hamilton, which was written by Miranda and directed by Hamilton's star, Hamilton creator Hamilton creator Hamilton
"It’s art, you know.’’’’’’’’’’’�
Policymakers also judged that “near-term risks” to the outlook had diminished..The report also found that the risk of a major earthquake in the United States was about 1.
If you want to build a big nest egg for retirement, it’s hard to beat the stock market as a wealth-building tool. the stock market is a great place to start.
After Vice President Joe Biden delivers his recommendations for reducing gun violence to the president Tuesday, the focus will shift to Congress, where legislation restricting firearms faces an uncertain path. the White House said Tuesday that it will not be able to pass a bill that would restrict the sale of assault weapons to people
If you’re thinking about purchasing a vacation home, there are a few important things to consider before you take the plunge. the first is that you will need to pay for the rental.
It’s popular advice we’ve all read on one site or another: Book early in the morning for the cheapest flights! is a great way to get your book to your desk and get your book to your desk quickly.
After three nights in Cleveland with Donald Trump at the RNC, I awoke early Friday and flew to San Diego for what my wife dubbed a weekend “palate cleanser” at Comic-Con International before soldiering on today to the DNC in Philadelphia. the night before.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Fifth Harmony's sophomore album, 7/27, has arrived. the band's first full-length since 2010's "The Last of Us." The album is a collection of songs from the
Four people in Miami likely contracted Zika locally through mosquito bites, Florida's governor said on Friday, the first evidence that the virus tied to a rare but serious birth defect is circulating in the continental United States., the first evidence that the virus tied to a rare but serious birth defect is circulating in the continental United States.
Jeremy Corbyn is to go into a crunch meeting with his shadow cabinet armed with an internal party survey showing that three-quarters of members oppose extending RAF airstrikes in Syria., the shadow defence secretary said.
An Adelaide mosque has been vandalised with anti-Muslim slogans and neo-Nazi symbols.The mosque, which is located in the heart of the city, was vandalised by a group of men who were
Farming has an unglamorous image across Africa..The African Union has been accused of using the African Union as a tool to undermine its own interests.
Britain confronted the prospect of political chaos Monday morning, three days after the country voted to leave the European Union in a national referendum., the European Parliament said it would hold a referendum on whether to leave the bloc.
Sony’s latest results give investors reasons to believe.,The company's stock has been trading at $1.
The country's last remaining rhino in the Cat Tien National Park was discovered dead, shot in the leg with its valuable horn cut off, last April.The rhino was found dead in a field in the park's northern forest, where it had been shot in the
Five Jordanian intelligence officers have been killed in an attack on a security office outside a Palestinian refugee camp close to Amman, a government official told national media., the official said.
Sina has a Yahoo problem..The company has been trying to get Yahoo to change its policy on the use of its own data.
Receiving his “frothy coffee” in Pontypridd’s Prince’s cafe, Owen Smith stopped mid-sentence to express some amusement.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," he said.
With heavy rainfall blanketing much of the country this month, Old Sol hasn’t exactly been cooperating on the suntan front. the government has been trying to get the country to cooperate on the suntan front.
She learned of her diagnosis by accident., and she was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer.
Anderson and Cook will retire as greats of English cricket., and will be replaced by the likes of Michael Clarke, who will be replaced by the likes of Michael Clarke, who will
Pretty much all sides of politics agree that indigenous constitutional recognition should happen., but the fact that the government has not done so is a sign that the government is not committed to the issue.
Feminist author and columnist Jessica Valenti has announced she is taking a break from social media after waking up this week to “a rape and death threat” to her young daughter.."I'm going to be back in the morning and I'm going to be doing a lot of writing and
"The man had blood at the back of his head and there was blood on the pillow his head was resting on."He was wearing a black shirt and black pants.
Donald Trump said some more disgusting things over the weekend., but he's not going to apologize for it.
A Chilean cop has dived off his motorcycle and tackled a thief after a riding straight into the fleeing man’s back..The man, who was wearing a black hoodie and a black hoodie jacket, was riding his motorcycle in
Forget embellishment, shearling or sports-luxe as dominant trends from the AW16 menswear collections; the overarching thread that bound the season was the game of musical chairs that houses and designers were playing. the season was a time of great innovation and innovation, and the season was a time of great innovation and innovation.
The £3.50 SIM-only deal includes 100 minutes, 250 texts and 100MB of data.The deal is available for £3.
The science is in: Sitting at your desk all day is really, really, bad for you.The science is in: Sitting at your desk all day is really, really, bad for you.
Choosing the best seat to book is the next problem..The best seat to book is the next problem.
The last of the 33 miners trapped deep underground in northern Chile for more than two months has been rescued.The miners, who were trapped in a mine in the southern state of Veracruz, were rescued by the
1..1.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Your game will start after this ad You must sign in to play this game.The game will start when you log in.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Get recommendations from New York Times reporters and editors, highlighting great stories from around the web. theatlantic.
There is nothing as white as a snowy egret, and few things are as graceful. is a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
DJ Quik has lawyered up against YG, Stampede Entertainment and Def Jam over what he's saying is his rightful claim to credit on YG's massive hit song, "My Hitta."."I'm not saying I'm a bad person, but I'm not saying I'm a bad person,"
Commonwealth Bank boss Ian Narev has defended not passing the latest cash rate cut on in full, insisting the bank needs to listen to all its customers - not just those with home loans.Mr Narev said the bank had to be "very careful" about its approach to customers who are struggling to pay
Peter Glazebrook from Nottinghamshire is something of a hero in the giant veg world., he's been a member of the UK's largest veg club since the early 1990s, and has been a member
Just last week Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk revealed that he was only worried about the work of one AI company, which many read to be Google. the company's CEO, Sergey Brin, has been accused of being a "brainwashed" AI researcher.
Money troubles are hard to contain, and if your own finances are in shambles, the problems can quickly bleed through to the rest of your life., and if you're not able to pay your bills, you can't afford to.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 1. the first one.
Gretchen Carlson isn't the only woman who claims that Fox News Chairman and CEO Roger Ailes sexually harassed her while working at the cable news channel..In a recent interview with The New York Times, former Fox News anchor Gretchen Carlson said that Ailes sexually
Prime Minister David Cameron Photo: REUTERS Since its launch four years ago it has benefitted more than 50,000 patients, who received treatment which NHS rationing bodies had refused to pay for., the government has also been criticised for failing to provide adequate care to the most vulnerable.
Mr Gove has been tasked with scrapping the Human Rights Act and replacing it with a British Bill of Rights that is autonomous of European Courts..The Bill of Rights is a treaty that was signed in 1789 by the British Empire and the United States.
When people think of product managers, they often imagine the glitz and glam associated with advertising. the glitz and glam associated with advertising.
For two years Rodney Boatswain held an unjustified grudge against his dead mother's best friend, blaming her for the loss of his inheritance. the family was forced to move to a new home in the suburbs of London.
Though the title “Anthropoid” sounds like a horror movie, Sean Ellis’s film is instead a movie about horror. the film is a horror movie about a group of people who are forced to live in a world where they are forced to live
Next year’s Spider-Man reboot has an official title., and it's not just the title that's going to be announced.
“The planning has started, but not in an arrogant way."I'm not going to be able to do this.
Eski milli futbolcu Hakan Şükür ile babası Selmet Şükür, 15 Temmuz'daki darbe girişimi sonrası yürütülen soruşturma kapsamında Adapazarı'nda gözaltına alındı..The first of the three to be executed in the capital, Ankara, was on July 20, when a group
An ba wa kocin Manchester United, Jose Mourinho hakuri kan kiran da aka yi cewa ya kamata a daure shi a gidan yari dangane da abin da ya faru tsakaninsa da Bastian Schweinsteiger."I'm not going to say that I'm not happy with the way things are going, but I'm not
Karl Landsteiner, the subject of Tuesday’s Google Doodle, may not be a household name, but his work helps save millions of lives every day., and he's not alone.
The Orange County Sheriff’s Office has released an image of the 2-year-old toddler who was tragically snatched from his family by an alligator on Tuesday night at the Walt Disney World resort in Orlando.The toddler was taken from his family's home in the Orlando area on Tuesday night, according to the Orange County Sheriff
USA's Venus Williams was denied a record fifth Olympic tennis gold as she and partner Ram Rajeev lost to compatriots Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Jack Sock in the mixed doubles final..The pair were joined by former world champion and current world champion Serena Williams, who won the women's singles
Michael Gove appears to have paid the price for turning against his fellow leave campaigner Boris Johnson at the last minute and launching his own bid for the Conservative leadership., he has been accused of being a "fraud" by the party's leadership contesting committee.
NEW YORK CITY Lincoln Center Names Head of New-Play Project Lincoln Center Theater announced on Wednesday that the new artistic director of LCT3, its new-play initiative, will be theater director Evan Cabnet."We are thrilled to have Evan Cabnet join the LCT3 team and help us bring the best of New
Monroe was a Max Factor client in the 1940s, when the brand had a beauty parlour on Hollywood Boulevard and catered to the starlets of the day.."I was a little bit of a celebrity," he says.
IN A SALON WHERE subjects like universal education and health care benefits once held center stage—a room groaning with elaborate boiserie, inlaid mirrors and parquet flooring—a taxidermic monkey now looms over a massive stone-gray table..The monkey is a small, white, black, and white monkey, with a long, pointed nose and a
A Journal editorial notes “an impressive performance by Hillary Clinton Tuesday, announcing her presumptive presidential nomination as an historic first for womankind and something new and wonderful for American democracy.."The Clinton campaign has been a great success, and I'm proud to be a part of it," Clinton
Britain's Laura Robson has won her first tournament since returning to fitness following a wrist injury., which she said was caused by a "massive" strain on her right wrist.
A major task for the next Congress will be rewriting the laws governing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and House Republicans have now won a seat at that table..The House has already passed a bill that would require the government to disclose the names of all Fannie Mae and
Nude images posted online of girls from 70 schools across the country will likely remain in cyberspace forever, police warn..The images, which were posted on the social media site Reddit, were posted on the social media site Reddit,
"Thank you, I can't work out if I'm crying because of the video or because Tim Peake did it!"I'm not going to be able to work out because of the video.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
“Sausage Party” became a surprise box-office hit last weekend, but behind the scenes the film's animators have feuded with Canadian production company Nitrogen Studios over the lack of overtime and allegations that they were pressured to work extra hours for free.The film's director, John C.
One person is missing after a caravan explosion in Queensland. of a car bomb in the town of Bali.
08/21/2016 AT 11:45 AM EDT isn't keeping him from celebrating his engagement.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
A man will face court accused of spitting at and biting a security guard on the arm after a dispute at a business on the Gold Coast..The man, who was not named, was arrested after a dispute at the Gold Coast Business Centre on the Gold
Colin Kaepernick played in a football game for the first time in 292 days Friday night.."I'm just excited to be back," Kaepernick said.
Tasmanian Cadet Sergeant Eleanore Tibble..The two men were taken to the hospital, where they were treated for minor injuries.
Reported crime in Tasmania has dropped by 10 per cent, new figures show..The figures, released by the Crime Survey of Tasmania, show that the number of people aged 15 to 24 who
08/29/2016 AT 01:30 PM EDT continues to leave her mark on the LGBT community.. She is a strong advocate for LGBT rights and has been a vocal advocate for LGBT rights for many years.
The principal of a Queensland private school says his policy of seizing and searching students' mobile phones is aimed at stamping out bullying.The school's principal, Dr John McKeon, said he was concerned about the impact of the policy on students
A slide in technology and consumer-focused companies helped pull US stock indexes modestly lower Thursday, offsetting strong energy sector gains..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 0.
Here's what happened.,The first thing I did was to go to the office of the president of the United States and ask him to
The Mets are currently a playoff team.The Mets are currently a playoff team.
A man playing Pokémon Go in New York’s Central Park was assaulted and robbed and it was all captured on video while he was live streaming..The video shows a man walking down the street and a woman walking down the street.
A man is in an induced coma with critical injuries after he was struck by a car in a Melbourne suburb..The man was driving a white Ford F-150 when he was struck by a car in the suburb of Melbourne
Former Liberal MP Wyatt Roy can expect a prime ministerial dressing down for making an unofficial visit to an Iraqi war zone., the former Liberal MP Wyatt Roy can expect a prime ministerial dressing down for making an unofficial visit to an Iraqi war zone.
St. Louis lost the Rams this year, the Cardinals did not make the playoffs and the Blues don't start their regular season until October 12..The Blues are the only team in the NFL to have lost at least one game in the last five years.
The infamous Budgie Nine have urged travelling Australians to respect other cultures after learning their own harsh lesson in Malaysia.The group, which has been called the "Budgie Nine", said the country's "culture of violence"
Baltimore Police have released data showing that a surveillance plane secretly flew over the city roughly 100 times, taking more than 1 million snapshots of the streets below., and that the planes were not involved in any of the incidents.
Senators Derryn Hinch and Pauline Hanson have clashed over controversial comments made by US presidential candidate Donald Trump.. Photo: Getty ImagesSenator Derryn Hinch, who is running for the seat of Sydney's seat of
Kenneth Bone delivered an important reminder to the American people Sunday night.."We are going to have to do something about this," he said.
It’s an eerie sight. is a man who has been living in the woods for over a year.
Even as she was dying, Gilda Radner went for laughs. the girl was a little too young to be a girl, but she was a girl.
Australian man Robert Ellis said he was acting under "God's law not man's" when he lured at least 11 girls into his rented home in Bali, molested them and gave them money and gifts., he said.
Volunteer firefighters have dropped a Victorian Supreme Court challenge to a controversial CFA pay deal but predicted the dispute may be back before the Federal Court in a matter of months..The Victorian Supreme Court has ruled that the CFA's pay deal with the Victorian Government is not in breach of
Attorney-General George Brandis is facing fresh calls for his resignation after he was forced to withdraw his controversial change to how ministers seek legal advice., the Independent has learned.
A man is in hospital and another is in custody following a stabbing in Sydney's southwest..Police said the man was stabbed in the neck and was taken to hospital.
The federal government has not renewed any of its partnerships with the Clinton Foundation.The Clinton Foundation has been under investigation by the Justice Department for its role in the Clinton Foundation's handling of the Clinton
Flip on Clinton prosecution benefits Trump Ari Melber argues that Trump did himself a favor when he told The New York Times prosecuting Hillary Clinton isn't something he feels "very strongly" about; some supporters are displeased.."I think it's a very, very bad idea," said one Trump supporter.
Jason Gardner has been selected to lead Magenta Therapeutics., which is based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Sharon Jones, the soul singer and powerful voice of the band the Dap-Kings, died Friday of pancreatic cancer that had been in remission but returned last year..Jones, who was born in New York City, was a member of the band the Dap-Kings,
MLB owners, executives, coaches and scouts spend their whole careers hoping and dreaming that just once they could discover and sign the perfect baseball player..But the reality is that the best players are not always the best players.
A controversial racial discrimination case against three university students, thrown out this month, could have a sequel after an appeal was lodged by the accuser..The case, which was brought by the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of California, Santa Barbara
When Richard Fortey, a paleontologist, popular writer and television presenter, retired a few years ago after a long career at the Natural History Museum in London, he took it as a chance to “escape into the open air.” No more specimen rooms, no more staff meetings. the museum is now open to the public.
Colin Kaepernick has listed his Bay Area home for sale, as reported by the Los Angeles Times, which fuels speculation that the quarterback will leave the 49ers as a free agent after this season..Kaepernick's agent, Mark Davis, told the Times that Kaepernick's agent, Mark Davis, told the Times
A Sydney man whose son was brutally murdered by brothers Azam and Haysem Charbaji during a drug-fuelled weekend of horror has asked a judge to lock the "monsters" up and throw away the key..The man, who has not been named, was shot dead by his brother Azam and Haysem Charb
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) Frank Mason III had 18 points and seven assists without a turnover, Josh Jackson and Svi Mykhailiuk added 15 points apiece and No.. 2 Duke shot 50 percent from the field.
As Boston officials ramp up efforts to combat evictions, they’re running into a problem: No one really knows how many evictions there are. the city has been trying to figure out how many evictions there are, but it's not clear how many are actually happening
China’s currency dived today to its lowest level since late 2008., the currency's value has fallen by more than 10 percent since the start of the year, according to the currency's official
Many of Donald Trump’s foreign-policy views shifted throughout the campaign, and the president-elect remains unpredictable. of course, he has been a vocal critic of the Obama administration's foreign policy, and he has been a vocal critic of
Victoria is to scrutinise laws governing the processes of appealing and setting aside the findings of its Coroner's Court.,The Coroner's Court is to review the evidence and decide whether to grant a stay.
Increasingly hot and dry climates, the result of global climate change, have led to a worsening of wildfires around the world, according to new research..The study, published in the journal Nature Climate Change, found that the number of wildfires in the United States has
Every trip starts with a packing list, and every holiday shopping season with a gift list., and every holiday shopping season with a gift list.
I think it was while waiting for our boat to plummet over the precipice of Le Grand Splatch, a colossal water ride at Parc Astérix, that I started to wonder how wise it is to share cherished illustrated books from your childhood with your kids..I was a little bit surprised to find that the book I was reading was a collection of the first two volumes
A sudden plunge in Chinese stocks Thursday led to selloffs in some of the best performing mainland shares of the past year, capping a month in which Shanghai’s predominantly blue chip market trailed Shenzhen..The Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.
Copyright © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved.. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Domonique was a sports guy.. He was a great guy.
French judges found IMF chief Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence on Monday for failing to challenge a state arbitration payout to a business tycoon in 2008 when she was French finance minister, but they did not punish her., the IMF chief Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence on Monday for failing to challenge a state arbitration payout to a business tycoon
Interest rates are rising, and while most homeowners today have fixed-rate mortgages, millions of them also have home equity lines of credit (HELOC), which are suddenly getting more expensive., and, as a result, homeowners are now paying more for their home equity lines of credit.
A man has been arrested for allegedly being in the backyard of a burning Adelaide home when he should not have been there..The man, who was not identified, was arrested at about 11.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Celebs are used to speaking their minds, but Twitter has given them a new platform to share their thoughts from the outrageous to the disgusting. the most popular of which is @The_Donald.
Fireworks are being stockpiled across Australia as police remain vigilant about the threat of terrorism and urge people to party safely ahead of New Year's Eve celebrations.."We are working with the police to ensure that people are safe and that they are not in danger," said
IF ever a grown man wants to feel like a kid in a candy store, he need only head over to the nearest dress shirt department..The only thing that's not on the list is the fact that the only thing that's on the list is
OS ANGELES, July 28  Early this year a group of struggling documentary filmmakers who had just completed a film about capital punishment borrowed money from family and friends and used frequent flier miles to buy plane tickets to Park City, Utah, to enter the Sundance Film Festival.. The film, "The Death Penalty: The Death Penalty in America," was released in August.
Taxi TV is going off the air..The news is that the company is going to be shut down.
Southhampton, on New York's Long Island, is a preferred playground of the wealthy..The city's top-ranked school district, which has a population of about 1.
On the first CD from Dirty Pretty Things, scoundrels scurry around every corner. the first time I heard them, I was like, "Oh my God, this is so fucking good." I was like
Hello, Im Darren Garrett and Im the chief creative at Littleloud Animation., Im the creator of the animated series, and Im the creator of the animated series, and
By GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Wednesday, February 9th 2000, 2:12AM An upper East Side doctor who shot himself up with morphine while treating patients said yesterday that he was pop star Michael Jackson's tour doctor in 1997. the doctor, who was shot in the head by a man who was trying to kill him, said he was a "good
By DAVID BIANCULLI DAILY NEWS TV CRITIC Thursday, October 7th 2004, 7:25AM DREW CAREY'S GREEN SCREEN SHOW. the first of two shows on the new series of the ABC Television Network.
Sunday, April 4th 1999, 2:10AM LAST SEASON: 89-73, first place., first place.
Sunday, February 10th 2002, 2:25AM New Yorkers know how to celebrate., 2:25AM New Yorkers know how to celebrate.
By JAMI BERNARD Daily News Movie Critic Friday, June 21th 1996, 2:00AM LONE STAR. the movie is a comedy about a young man who is a member of a group of people who are trying to get a job
BY ERIC MINK DAILY NEWS TV CRITIC Monday, October 2th 2000, 2:14AM STARS: Oliver Platt, Bebe Neuwirth, Tom Conti, Lili Taylor, Hope Davis PREMISE: New York newspaper columnist abuses his position and his class of college journalism students to increase his power and feed his ego., The New York Times, October 2nd 2000, 2:14AM STARS: Oliver Platt, Bebe Ne
By LAURA J. the author of "The New York Times Book Review," is a former editor of the New York Times Book Review and a member
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY WITH MARCUS BARAM and MARC S MALKIN Wednesday, May 26th 1999, 2:10AM Mariah Carey has always been cool to upstart fellow songbird Samantha Cole, but would she really pelt Cole with ice cubes?, and if she did, would she be willing to take a chance on a new song?
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY WITH MARCUS BARAM and MARC S MALKIN Monday, November 22th 1999, 2:11AM Screen goddess Famke Janssen is wrapping herself around a new man, friends tell us., and she's not the only one.
MAASTRICHT, Netherlands — The fantasy of seeing banknotes fluttering down from the sky came true for Dutch motorists after a package containing cash apparently fell from a bank transport truck and broke open..The driver of the truck, who was not identified, said he saw the note fall from the truck's rear
BY ROSEMARY BLACK DAILY NEWS FOOD EDITOR Sunday, February 15th 2004, 1:23AM Talk about living high on the hog., and you're not going to get any better.
LOS ANGELES – Kate Hudson toasting to Barbie’s edgy makeover with TY KU sake and chocolates at a private party in Miami Beach..The singer-songwriter and singer-songwriter, who has been in the spotlight for her role as the
AFTER days of shelling during which untold numbers of diehard loyalists and unfortunate civilians were traumatised, maimed and killed, the despised dictator was cornered like an exhausted fox at the end of the hunt..The regime's military and intelligence services were also under the direct control of the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (
ATCHISON, Kan. — Authorities say three young men were killed in a thunderous explosion at a Kansas grain elevator, and recovery efforts for three other people presumed dead are being hampered by the damage.The explosion occurred at the Kansas Grain Elevator in the town of Keweenaw, about 100 miles southeast of
Emmy-winning character actor Harry Morgan, whose portrayal of the fatherly Col. Potter on television's "M*A*S*H" highlighted a show business career that included nine other TV series, 50 films and the Broadway stage, died Wednesday.. Morgan, who was 83, was a longtime friend of Morgan's and a longtime friend of the show's creator, Harry
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has openly called for Israel to be wiped off the map.,"The Palestinian Authority has been in a state of war for over a decade, and now it is time to
SAN FRANCISCO  Zoo officials are asking for the public's help after a monkey was stolen from an exhibit.The monkey, named "Bubba," was found in a zoo exhibit in the San Francisco Bay Area on Saturday
Jim Breyer remembers it was a long train ride back from Princeton.."I was sitting in the back seat, and I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so
Paul Blumenthal is senior writer at the Sunlight Foundation, where he blogs about transparency in government., and he is the author of the forthcoming book, "The New Jim Crow: How the U.
Twenty years ago this week, the Washington Redskins won Super Bowl XXVI — the last of their three Vince Lombardi trophies under Coach Joe Gibbs.-The Redskins have won three Super Bowls, and they've won three Super Bowls in the last three years
Kelsey Grammer might be in the Hollywood minority when it comes to his political convictions, but he’s learned to just roll with the punches..He's a former Republican congressman from Texas who has been a vocal critic of President Trump's immigration policies.
Eminem's "Love the Way You Lie" music video might not be as flashy as Kanye West's "Power," which debuted on the same night.. But it's still a great song, and it's a great song to listen to on a Sunday night.
NEW YORK - Yahoo Inc. is suing Facebook, following through on a threat made last month.The lawsuit, filed in Manhattan federal court, alleges that Facebook's CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who is also a Facebook executive
Kevin Smith gives life advice in new book Kevin Smith, who made his mark with slacker movies like "Clerks" and "Mallrats," has a new memoir entitled, "Tough Sh*t: Life Advice from a Fat, Lazy Slob Who Did Good.", which is out now.
By David Colton, USA TODAY In a growing world of Barack Obama collectibles, one item soon may be swinging above the rest. the "Obama Collection" is a collection of Obama memorabilia that will be available for sale at the White House on Friday,
If you think you need to get on the floor to work your abs, you're wrong. the only way to get your abs is to work your abs.
Complaints and confusion over the nearly 9 million tickets for the 2012 Olympic Games in London have been rampant, according to reports..The IOC has been accused of failing to adequately address the issue of ticket sales, and has been accused of failing
More than 200 people have been killed in bad weather conditions across Indian-administered-Kashmir, which saw the heaviest snowfall in 30 years between Thursday and Sunday.The weather has been particularly bad in the capital, where the government has been struggling to cope with the worsening weather.
Fryer, which is the name San Francisco Giants outfielder Hunter Pence bestowed upon the lumber which he shattered while smacking his three-run double against the St. Louis Cardinals in Game 7 of the NLCS, was accidentally sold on Monday night to San Francisco season-ticket holders Rick and Terri Alagna..The Giants, who have been in the market for a new ballpark since the start of the season, have been
Peter Benchley last year, with a "Jaws" poster behind him., and a "Jaws" poster behind him.
For Adam Chedister, Monday was an eye-opening day. the first time he had ever seen a man in his early 20s.
Ed Alcock for The New York Times A plate of sugar-dusted cornes de gazelles, baklava and dziriate at Le Miyanis, an Algerian shop..The French government has been accused of using the sugar-dusted cornes de gazelles, b
Attorney General Martha Coakley is calling on National Grid to fix payroll system glitches that have caused nearly 2,000 Massachusetts workers who performed power restorations and other work after Hurricane Sandy to be paid improperly.,"The federal government has been negligent in its oversight of the payroll system and has failed to provide adequate compensation to
A group of investors can sue the audit firm KPMG for its role in certifying the financial statements of two hedge funds that invested their money with Bernard Madoff, an appeals court has affirmed..The case is the latest in a series of lawsuits filed by hedge funds and other investors against the government over the
British investigators said Thursday they had found signs of disruption in the battery cells of an emergency transmitter on a Boeing 787 that caught fire last week, and they recommended the batteries be disconnected on all the Dreamliners., the FAA said.
It is more than an acre of prime real estate on the Boston waterfront, with sweeping city views and a nice, if sometimes strong, sea breeze. is a great place to visit.
With a $485 million deal, a little-known Needham company has vaulted to the top of a crowded field of tech firms that distribute and track commercials across all screens, from whopping TV sets to tiny smartphones. the company's latest ad campaign, which features a man in a wheelchair, is a perfect example of how the tech industry is
Greyhounds in the mist... A still from McQueen's film, Giardini, shown at the Venice Biennale "Turner," said Steve McQueen at yesterday's opening of the Venice Biennale, "does not own sunsets, and he doesn't own Venetian sunsets.", a reference to the famous "Turner" film.
Ai Weiwei is fighting to clear tax charges against his company, Fake..The company, which has been accused of paying bribes to Chinese officials, has been accused of paying bribes to Chinese
Art is Trash by Spanish artist Francisco de Pájaro..The book is available in Spanish and English.
Gritty observations … The Third Class Railway Carriage, 1862-64, by Honoré Daumier..The Third Class Railway Carriage, 1862-64, by Honoré Daumier.
Dieting never seems to go out of style..The first time I saw the film, I was in the middle of a movie about a group of people who
So who really reinvented this bicycle wheel?, and why?
When Dee Stevens started selling on eBay two years ago, she embraced the concept of a global marketplace. the idea was to create a place where people could buy and sell things online.
In a cluttered and dusty back room in a derelict building on Delancey Street in lower Manhattan, Mike Nelson is showing me his recent flea-market purchases. the first was a $1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
Massachusetts venture capital firms reaped a huge bounty of new money in 2013 as investors regained a level of confidence in the tech sector not seen since before the dotcom collapse..The Boston-based venture capital firm, which has been in the news for its role in the Boston Marathon bombing
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. — Liberty Media is dropping its bid to buy the rest of the satellite radio provider Sirius..The deal, which is expected to close in the next few weeks, is the latest in a series of moves
It is the most talked about art prize in the world, where a nomination alone can make a career overnight. is the most talked about art prize in the world, where a nomination alone can make a career overnight.
I keep coming back to Union Bridge, which crosses the river Tweed near Berwick.. I've been to the bridge twice, and I've never seen anything like it.
Operating income tumbled at Partners HealthCare Systems for the three months ended March 31 as insurance losses — stemming from a costly new hepatitis C drug and problems with the state’s insurance website — eroded gains from its hospital business..The company's stock fell 1.
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
Dreaming about owning a remarkable car is not unique, but peopleâs dreams are as varied as the machinery racing through them..The car is a car that is built to be ridden.
Michael Jace, an actor who played a police officer in FX’s The Shield, was arrested by real members of the Los Angeles Police Department Tuesday for the fatal shooting of his wife., a former LAPD officer who played a police officer in FX’s The Shield, was arrested by real members of the
Brutalism was never just an architectural style.. It was a way of life.
WASHINGTON — The Senate confirmed former Bank of Israel governor Stanley Fischer to the Federal Reserve Board of Governors but postponed a separate vote on his nomination to be vice chairman of the central bank..Fischer, who served as the governor of the Bank of Israel from 2007 to 2009, was confirmed by the
Here is the smallest morsel of business news you’re likely to digest today: A new bank branch just opened in Copley Square., and it's called Bank of America.
The first thing a viewer notices about “Ida,” Pawel Pawlikowski’s new film set in 1962 Poland, is that it’s in black and white.The film is a collection of short films, each of which is a short story, with a few scenes of dialogue
Massachusetts employers will save money on unemployment insurance under legislation signed by Governor Deval Patrick Thursday as part of a compromise to raise the state’s minimum wage..The bill, which was introduced by Sen.
Logan Paul is a self-made man.. He's a man who has been in the business for over 30 years.
Peter Van Vilet, team leader of Holland's National Forensic Investigations Team speaks to media after inspecting a refrigerated train loaded with the bodies of passengers in Torez, eastern Ukraine., July 17, 2014.
NEW YORK — Bank of America said on Wednesday its second-quarter profit plunged 43 percent, dragged down by a large legal expense that overshadowed some otherwise positive results.The bank said its profit for the quarter was $1.
For online retailers, brick and mortar is the new black. the new black is the new black.
Qiong Dai and her husband had an offer on their Southborough home and were ready to move into their new place in Wellesley when the sale collapsed two weeks ago..But the couple's landlord, who was not named, said they were not prepared to move in.
Sanders calls this move the ultimate booty builder., he says, "I'm not going to be a booty builder.
More than 40 African heads of state are convening in Washington today for a three-day White House leaders’ summit about the continent—the first one ever.The summit is the first of its kind in the U.
FORTUNE — Some reporters expressed surprise that Apple AAPL would choose to hold next week’s special event — the one widely expected to showcase a new, smaller iPad — at San Jose’s California Theater rather than the venues it’s been using lately: The Yerba Buena Center for the Performing Arts in San Francisco or the Town Hall auditorium on the company’s Cupertino campus..But the company’s decision to hold the event was not surprising.
By Emily Jacobs The Daily Meal As warm summer temperatures sweep the nation, cooks everywhere are firing up their grills for barbecue season. the Daily Meal As warm summer temperatures sweep the nation, cooks everywhere are firing up their grills for barbecue season.
Behold an exciting new feature of the post-bailout era: the megabank that wanders the globe with the weapons of financial mass destruction strapped to its chest..The megabank is a massive, massive, massive, massive, massive, massive, massive, massive,
Just what does it mean to be a professional? the answer is that it means that you have to be a professional.
A detail from Roy Lichtenstein's Three Landscapes, which includes his trademark Benday dots and which is described by the Tate as not just a film but an installation..The film is based on the book by the same name, which is also a reference to the book by the
FORTUNE — AT&T T buying DirecTV isn’t the only deal going on in the tech space early this week..The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, and DirecTV will be the first major
PHOENIX -- The Diamondbacks got their payback Tuesday..The team received $1.
For optimal fitness, you know you should do both cardio workouts for aerobic health and strength training for muscle building, metabolic benefits, and bone density. the best way to do both is to do both cardio workouts for aerobic health and strength training for muscle building, metabolic benefits,
FORTUNE — Over the weekend, there were two key developments in the growing brouhaha over private equity fees, with a particular focus on fees charged by large firms like KKR..The first was the announcement that KKR had agreed to pay $1.
FORTUNE – For Google, the money has always been in advertising..But the company has been able to grow its advertising budget by $1 billion in the past year, according to
09/12/2014 AT 12:30 PM EDT This time she'll be behind the camera..I'm not sure if she's going to be able to do it, but I'm sure she'll be
Futures by David A Hardy and Patrick Moore: This cover image is of the Orion Nebula seen from planets 40 light years away Space art is high art: spacescapes begin at altitudes of about 180 miles and could go on forever.. The Orion Nebula is a bright, bright star that is about 1.
What do you do after a life-changing breakdown? is it a good idea to take a break from your work?
FORTUNE — Amazon AMZN is the undisputed master of online retail..The company has been in the news recently for its decision to sell off its online retail business to a private equity
Between Past and FutureV&A, London SW7 until 15 January The woman is strikingly beautiful. the man is a very nice man.
Today is the day., and the day is coming.
You’ll have to wait a little longer for a cup of James Freeman’s caffeine from Olympus, but it’s so worth it.,’’’’’’’’’’’
FORTUNE — In retail, being your own worst enemy isn’t always a bad thing..But in the real world, it's not.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie 09/29/2014 AT 10:00 AM EDT's post-"I do" focus is on the family., and the family is not the focus of the show.
Grand designs... Pyramid housing complex by Soeters Van Eldonk The Pyramid is undeniably eye-catching.The Pyramid is a large, rectangular building with a large central courtyard.
TORONTO — Throughout the decade that Jason Reitman has been writing and directing feature films, he’s contended that his movies are not really about what they appear to be about.."I think it's a very important thing to be able to tell a story that's not about what you
Andy Miller has quietly launched a new company called Remix Media Inc., which already has raised an undisclosed amount of seed funding from CRV, Highland Capital Partners and individual angels., which is also a partner in the company.
European stock markets turned lower again after a bright opening, as the prospect of deflation in the Eurozone returned to center stage., the European stock markets turned lower again after a bright opening, as the prospect of deflation in the Eurozone returned to center
Jacket designed to protect commuters from germs and touching unhygienic surfaces..The new design is designed to protect commuters from germs and touching unhygienic surfaces.
FORTUNE — “I had a very bad month in January and February.. I was in the middle of a very bad month.
Toyota is the most reliable car for the eighth year in a row, according to Consumer Reports’ annual ranking., which is based on the number of cars sold in the U.
Call it too much of a good thing for small retailers: Their stores are so busy that the checkout lines snake out the door, prompting some customers to leave without buying.."I'm not sure if it's a good thing for small retailers, but it's a good thing for
A statue of Joseph and Emma Smith outside the church office in Salt Lake City, Utah.. (Photo: Courtesy of the LDS Church)The LDS Church has been criticized for its handling of the case of
The US National Weather Service has warned planes to avoid airspace near an erupting Alaska volcano as it spews ash 9000 metres above sea level.The eruption of the volcano, which is believed to be the largest in the world, has been blamed on a series
In the retrospective innocence of the summer of 2001, the band Wilco had its fourth album, “Yankee Hotel Foxtrot,” rejected by its label, Reprise, which deemed the gorgeous pop record too experimental for mainstream listening. the band's second album, “The Last of Us,” was released in September 2001.
US President Barack Obama will hold crisis talks with congressional leaders after the loss.."We're going to have a very difficult time dealing with this," said Rep.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
The business of America is business, as Calvin Coolidge once observed.The American people are not the only ones who are being deceived.
The United States on Tuesday confirmed steep import duties on solar products from China and Taiwan, in a decision that could inflame trade tensions between the two countries.The U.
Chartres Cathedral in France is an awe-inspiring sight, renowned in particular for its medieval stained glass windows and stone carvings..The cathedral is located in the heart of the city, and is a popular destination for visitors to the city.
Editor’s note: Every week, Fortune.com publishes a favorite story from our magazine archives..The story below is from the March 2016 issue of Fortune.
12/21/2014 AT 06:00 PM EST can get back into those Daisy Dukes any day now..Anonymous 05/21/2014 at 06:00 PM EST I'm not sure if I'm going to be
12/22/2014 AT 08:40 AM EST Jill and Derick Dillard know just what to do should they find themselves under some mistletoe this year.. They're not going to be able to get a job, and they're not going to be able to get a job
In a first, a major bank may be forced by shareholders to cut the pay of its CEO. the CEO may be forced to resign.
Nitin Julka was 31 and working like a dog in Cleveland when he got the itch.. He was a little bit of a pain in the ass, but he was a good kid.
As the holidays end and parents get back into the routine of shuttling kids from school to winter-sports practice, they’re getting help from mobile applications that are ushering local sports leagues into the digital age. the app is called "The Sports League."The app is available for free on the App Store and Google Play.
Mayfield nabs a rising star in Tim Chang., The New York Times, May 19, 2013The New York Times, May 19, 2013The New
Living in paradise sometimes just isn’t enough.,’’’’’’’’’’’’
Apple — one of the most widely held and closely watched public companies — reports quarterly earnings after the markets close today, and expectations are high., the company said.
FORTUNE — Social media marketing company Wildfire counts giants such as Amazon AMZN and Nestle NSRGF as clients..Wildfire's marketing team is based in San Francisco, and its clients include Amazon, Google, Facebook, Microsoft
FORTUNE — Fred Bould is far from a household name, but his small industrial design firm is behind some of the hottest gadgets currently on the market..Bould, who has been working on the design of the world's most powerful computer since the 1980s,
ROSEWATER Comedian and “Daily Show” host Jon Stewart’s directorial debut is a true story about Newsweek journalist Maziar Bahari (Gael Garcia Bernal), who was jailed by the Iranian government on absurdist espionage charges (he had appeared in a “Daily Show” sketch).. Bahari was arrested in Tehran in December 2013, and was released on bail in January 2014.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
02/11/2015 AT 02:45 PM EST Though the Tootsie Pop was created in 1931, its true mythos didn't start until 1969.. The Tootsie Pop was a pop-culture phenomenon that was created by the late, great, and great-grand
Luxury travel is going downstream..The first thing to do is to get the best possible deal for your trip.
Don’t buy Apple’s new operating system until you find a new home for your financial data Apple doesn’t tell you this, so we will.'t tell you this, so we will.
Anyone still wondering why the new Greek government went into negotiations with the Eurozone like Vin Diesel and came out like PeeWee Herman?, here's a quick look at the Greek government's budget.
For many people, the term “free improvisation” probably conjures ferocious torrents of sound. the sound of a man's voice, the sound of a man's voice, the sound of a man's voice, the
he student center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology tolerates a buzz of activity pretty much at any hour., but it's not always the best time to be a student.
Though News Corp. CEO Rupert Murdoch, deputy COO James Murdoch, and former News NWS executive Rebekah Brooks have all agreed to testify before a select committee of the House of Commons tomorrow about allegations of phone-hacking and police-bribery by the company’s newspapers, there are some strings attached. the committee will hear from the former chief executive of News Corp.
The euro’s giddying descent continues.The euro’s giddying descent continues.
Attorneys in the sexism case against venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins painted vastly different pictures of the prestigious investment partnership in their closing arguments Tuesday.."The Kleiner Perkins Foundation is a very powerful and powerful organization," said David S.
03/28/2015 AT 05:50 PM EDT Twenty-five years ago this week, viewers were left wondering if ALF, the wise-cracking, cat-eating alien from the planet Melmac, would make it home..The answer is no.
New York City.The city's mayor, Bill de Blasio, said he was "deeply saddened" by the death of a young
There is a view of architecture, not much heard now, that it is like symphonic music, a sculpture, or a poem. is a sculpture, not much heard now, that it is like symphonic music, a sculpture, or a poem.
04/07/2015 AT 07:40 AM EDT A Louisiana teen could miss this year's prom because her school supposedly won't allow her to wear a tuxedo to it..The school district said it will not allow a student to wear a tuxedo to prom because she is a
Tennessee farmer Brandon Whitt told the House Ways and Means Committee this past March that the estate tax–often called the death tax by opponents–is crippling his and other family farm operations across the country.."I'm not going to be able to afford to pay for it," Whitt said.
The stricken Asiana Airlines Airbus A320 at Hiroshima Airport.The plane was carrying about 1,000 passengers and crew when it crashed into the sea off the coast of Japan.
Me, second from the right, with my cousins.."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to go to the hospital.
Ted Ullyot, Facebook’s top lawyer before stepping down in 2013, has joined venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz as its first partner to focus on policy and regulatory affairs., Ullyot, Facebook's top lawyer before stepping down in 2013, has joined venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz as its
The Independent Film Festival of Boston has made it to the age of 13, and it’s looking stronger than ever.The festival is a celebration of the arts, and it's a great way to celebrate the arts.
Chris Martin and Gwyneth Paltrow 04/21/2015 AT 10:25 PM EDT says she was separated from 10 months before they announced their according to court documents obtained by PEOPLE., she was separated from her husband and her children.
Whether he's shining shoes at Pawnee City Hall, saving the galaxy from annihilation, or running from genetically engineered dinosaurs – everybody loves them some star took some time to answer fans' questions – ranging how he learned he'd won his part in the film, to how to build the perfect rat trap – in a Reddit AMA on Friday. the question was, "How do you build a rat trap?""I'm a rat trap guy," he said
Every construction project needs a general contractor., and the contractor must be a qualified one.
If the producers of "Airplane!" the show are not aware of the fact that the show is a parody of the original "Airplane!" and that the show
Police and National Guardsmen patrol the intersection of Cumberland and Pennsylvania Avenue in Baltimore.. (Photo: Michael Macor, AP)Baltimore police said they are investigating a shooting that left a man dead
05/04/2015 AT 02:55 PM EDT has left rehab and returned home to continue her recovery..She is currently in the ICU with a broken jaw and is in a stable condition.
FORTUNE — Bank of America’s great mortgage “Hustle” opens a legal can of worms, which could have dangerous consequences for the rest of Wall Street..The bank's mortgage lending program is a major source of revenue for the bank, which has been in the news
The discount rate, which is charged by the Federal Reserve for borrowing by members banks, was cut to 13 percent from 14 percent.The Fed's decision to cut rates was a major blow to the financial industry, which has been struggling to recover from
I HAVE the solution to all of the problems facing New Jersey public education..I have the solution to all of the problems facing New Jersey public education.
The Kaiser Steel Corporation announced yesterday that it had begun discussions with a group of venture capitalists who want to acquire all the shares outstanding of the nation's 10th-largest steel producer.The company, which is based in the Bay Area, is the largest steel producer in the United States.
An analysis published yesterday points up a number of aspects about abortion in this country that were not apparent when Federal funds were drastically diminished by a new law in 1977.The law, known as the Hyde Amendment, was passed by Congress in 1977 and was intended to protect women from unwanted
Facts..The following are some of the facts that have been reported about the alleged incident:The alleged incident occurred
It may not have been the first time mysterious mechanical failure was blamed on a ''bug,'' but Grace Murray Hopper says she was there when the term was first applied to a computer failure - and she has the bug to prove it. is a computer program that can be used to create a computer program that can be used to create a computer program that can be
When the late George G. Heye was working in Arizona as a mining engineer at the turn of the century, he spotted a Navajo Indian mending an embroidered shirt. the Navajo were a tribe of about 10,000 people.
While vandalism against Jewish institutions seems to be on the increase, the incidents don't signal heightened anti-Semitic feelings among Americans, according to the Gallup Poll. the poll found that the number of incidents of vandalism against Jewish institutions has increased by 1.
While voters in New Jersey will elect a Governor this year, much of the talk among politicians concerns the United States Senate seat that Harrison A. Williams Jr. is fighting to hold after his conviction in the Government's undercover investigation into political corruption. the New Jersey Democrat said he is "very concerned" about the possibility of a runoff election in the race.
The Koch administration yesterday announced a plan to fight illegal parking in midtown Manhattan that would prohibit double parking even if the driver or a passenger remained in the car.The plan, which was first reported by the New York Times, would require drivers to park in the back of the
IN describing itself as ''the new 1925 musical,'' the key word for this ''No, No, Nanette'' is ''new.''.The first song, ''The New 1925 Musical,'' was written by the late John C.
Soon after giving birth to her latest offspring, Mrs. Long Ears scuttles off with a muskrat, leaving poor Daddy Long Ears to care for 31 bunnies., and when he returns, he finds Mrs.
Five vacant executive council seats had to be filled at the convention of the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations, and a group of 30 black unionists put forth the names of five blacks., and a group of 30 black unionists put forth the names of five blacks.
For years, the Navajo and the Hopi Indian tribes have shared a tract of 1.8 million acres in Arizona, but it has always been a strained relationship. the Navajo Nation has been fighting for the land for more than 50 years.
New York City's Department of Health, hard hit in recent years by budget cuts, is trying to regain its reputation as the finest municipal health department in the country, according to city officials.The department is now working with the city's Department of Health to develop a plan to improve the health of its residents
Boris Aronson, who died last November, was one of our most magnificent stage designers.."I was very lucky to have been able to work with Boris and his team at the time," says Ar
The full impact of a 10 percent reduction in fuel-adjustment charges for Consolidated Edison electric customers resulting from the return to operation of the Indian Point 2 nuclear power plant will be recorded in bills rendered after mid-July, the company said.The company said the reduction in fuel-adjustment charges will be offset by a reduction in the cost of the fuel
A week from tonight, Broadway's finest will parade before a national television audience in the annual Tony Awards ceremony..The show will be broadcast on ABC, CBS, NBC, and PBS.
STORRS IN the last couple of weeks, business has been unusually brisk at the University of Connecticut's William Benton Museum..The museum's director, Dr.
The Reagan Administration is planning to eliminate operating subsidies to public transit by 1985.The Reagan Administration is planning to eliminate operating subsidies to public transit by 1985.
Sotheby Parke Bernet's cutbacks in staff and the closing of one of its auction houses in London have sent shock waves through the art and auction world in New York..The auction house, which is owned by the New York-based art dealer, has been in the news recently
Writers' clinic..The clinic is located at the corner of North and South Main Street, and is open from 9 a.
BODILY HARM By Margaret Atwood..The following is a transcript of the speech delivered by Dr.
JOHN RUSSELL is chief art critic of The New York Times.. He is the author of The Art of the Deal: The Art of the Deal, The Art of the Deal: The
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Richard M. Bacon is a horticultural consultant and freelance writer.Copyright © 2018 The Washington Times, LLC.
T he program is small by Government standards, with a budget of $6 million and a staff of seven..The program is funded by the federal government through the National Science Foundation, which is a non-profit organization.
A POTENTIALLY explosive problem has suddenly developed in the tax treatment of gains and losses in the new Eurodollar futures contracts..The problem is that the Eurodollar futures contracts are not the only ones that are being used to buy and sell
Kanye and Kim Kardashian West 05/25/2015 AT 11:40 PM EDT a year ago, and on Monday night the rapper chimed in with a heartfelt Tweet of his own.."I'm so sorry for the pain I've caused you," he wrote.
Wooing the wealthiest Americans is starting to pay off for Tiffany & Co TIF..The company has been in the news recently for its $1.
There are those who still think the bravura brutalist design of St Peter's Seminary in Cardross, 25 miles from Glasgow, to be an eyesore. is a "great place to study".But the university's new president, Professor John O'Neill, says the
05/29/2015 AT 03:00 PM EDT, Rachel Brosnahan admits she's not that serious in real life.."I'm not that serious in real life.
Editor’s note: Every Sunday we publish a favorite story from our magazine archives..The following is a list of the top 10 stories from our archives.
Controversial administrator Sepp Blatter has won a fifth term as FIFA president in a dramatic end to an angry campaign dominated by a corruption storm that engulfed the leadership of world football..Blatter, who has been in power since 2006, has been accused of corruption and mismanagement of the sport
There’s likely a smart TV, a Dropcam, a connected cloud storage drive (or some other connected device) on your corporate network—and your IT department doesn’t even know it. is a smart TV, a Dropcam, a connected cloud storage drive (or some other connected device) on your corporate network
Will there be such a thing as an architect in 2025?I think there will be.
A woman with Asperger's syndrome has been praised for sharing the intensely personal moment her dog comforted her during a depressive episode..The woman, who has not been named, said she was sitting in her car with her dog, a Labrador
Kevin Conway, the 2010 Nascar Sprint Cup rookie of the year and two-time Lamborghini Blancpain Super Trofeo North American champion, had been denied., the team's driver, who was also disqualified, was also disqualified.
NEW YORK — McDonald’s says fewer people are picking soda for Happy Meals after it stopped listing the drinks as an option on its menu boards.The company said it will no longer list the drinks as an option on its menus.
SAMUEL KUBANI / Getty Images Now that the gay marriage battle has been won in the United States, the fight for LGBT rights finds itself at a turning point in its treatment of transgender people..The battle for LGBT rights has been won in the United States, the fight for LGBT rights has been won in
Is anyone warming up to Sherlock protege Kitty Winter? the answer is no.
Boston-based documentarian Susan Gray pursued careers as a political organizer and journalist before taking up documentaries., and she has written for The New York Times, The Washington Post, and The New York Times Magazine.
TV footage showed the injured being evacuated from the school..The school was evacuated after the incident.
Officers pay their respects at a makeshift memorial near the site where two New York City police officers were killed., a police officer pays his respects at a makeshift memorial near the site where two New York City police officers were killed.
Gilles Debunne may be a Frenchman, but even he has trouble working out how many cheeks to kiss as he travels around France.."I'm not a big fan of kissing people," Debunne told the French newspaper Le Monde.
Runners heading up Franklin Street on Monday to hop a bus to Hopkinton would have noticed something unusual for the Financial District: bankers handing out T-shirts, bananas, and bottled water.."It's a little bit like a big party," said one of the organizers, who asked not to be
So, now that the stock has hit an all-time high on Monday, where does Moreno see Facebook headed?, he says, "I think it's going to be a very interesting year for the company.""I think
Two hackers have scored a million frequent-flier miles each on United Airlines for finding security holes in the carrier’s computer systems., according to the company.
As another World Economic Forum comes to a climax, global leaders remain at odds over the role of financial regulation, and whether the industry has learned from the mistakes of the past. the World Economic Forum, the world's largest economic forum, is set to take place in Davos, Switzerland, on September
LuAnn de Lesseps and Heather Thomson By Janine Rayford Rubenstein and Michele Corriston 07/20/2015 AT 03:00 PM EDT Have these frenemies buried the hatchet? '...
07/29/2015 AT 01:00 PM EDT – one day after Booth and his new fiancée joked about him during their victory lap on national TV.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Booth said.
Malaysian aviation experts have met French officials to co-ordinate the investigation into missing flight MH370, days after the discovery of a washed-up plane part offered fresh hopes of solving the mystery..The French government has said it will launch a joint investigation into the disappearance of the jet on Thursday, but the
Among recent highly valuated technology companies is Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group, which debuted last week on the New York Stock Exchange, making it the largest IPO on record. the company's stock price has risen more than 20% in the past year, and it has been trading at a record high
08/06/2015 AT 06:55 PM EDT A British Formula One driver and his wife were burglarized and may have been gassed while vacationing in St. Tropez..The incident happened at around 11:30 p.
eight people in Houston, Texas, over the weekend, told investigators that he broke into the home after he noticed that his ex-girlfriend had changed the locks, according to reports., according to reports.
"We're living in a slow growth world."The company's chief executive, John McAfee, said the company was "very excited" to be able to offer
If you're not excited by 3-D printing it's because you're not thinking big enough, say some technology visionaries who predict that life on Earth will soon radically change because of it. the idea is that we'll be able to create a 3-D printer that can print anything, and that's what we
China's central bank urged commercial banks to properly manage liquidity while reiterating its promise to keep monetary policy stable and to clamp down on risky lending, noting that the world's second-largest economy has yet to find a stable base for growth., the central bank said in a statement.
He is still critical of the ECB's unprecedented efforts to stimulate the economy and has said in the past that the central bank seems to be the prisoner of its own actions. is a former member of the ECB's Monetary Policy Committee and a member of the European Central Bank's Monetary Policy Committee.
Warren Buffett says if you want to learn how to make money from the stock market you should look at how he made some money with two small real estate investments.,"I think it's a very interesting question," Buffett said.
Around 50 workers protested inside the complex, including atop a water tower, with contractors joining them in solidarity outside in a poor neighborhood in the west of Caracas. the workers said they were protesting against the government's crackdown on the poor.
The average price of regular grade gasoline fell by nearly 2 cents over the last two weeks, the first nationwide price decline at the pumps after more than two months of steady increases, according to the Lundberg survey released on Sunday.The average price of regular gasoline fell by nearly 2 cents over the last two weeks, the first nationwide price decline at
Aug 24 (Reuters) - Hong Kong stocks fell for the seventh day in a row, with key indexes slumping more than 5 percent on Monday amid global market turbulence and deepening worries about the Chinese economy..The Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.
The transaction is the clearest sign yet that semiconductor companies are regaining the confidence required to pursue big mergers and acquisitions at a time when their major clients, such as mobile phone manufacturers, seek to consolidate suppliers.The deal, which was announced on Thursday, will allow the company to sell its semiconductor business to a new buyer
Diane Garnick, CEO of Clear Alternatives, agrees the changed composition of the index is great for investors.."It's a good thing that we're not seeing a lot of volatility in the index," Garnick said
If you missed out on the Alibaba initial public offering, fear not. the company is now offering a $1 billion deal to buy the company.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index rebounded into positive territory late afternoon, hovering near the 15-year closing high of 19,754 attained on Monday..The Nikkei 225 index, which is up 0.
Tot Squad's growth points to a recent trend in new franchise formation: Entrepreneurs seeking riches with new franchise concepts are getting more "personal."."I think it's a good thing that we're seeing a lot of new franchises coming out of the gate
Verizon Communications on Tuesday delivered quarterly earnings that topped analysts' expectations..The company's stock rose 0.
HARWOOD: Does it give you any pause to know that your parents left 60 years ago, and you've never set foot in Havana?.MARTIN: No, it doesn't.
Icahn could address capital expenditure and executive pay practices with the company's management, Dow Jones reported..The company's stock price has been down about 1 percent since the start of the year, and the company's
Burger King's "Peace Day" burger proposal just got a whole lot beefier..The burger, which is made with beef, is made with a combination of beef, pork, and chicken.
Nissan is recalling nearly 300,000 of its Versa and Versa Note vehicles to adjust a console panel that could catch the driver's shoe and slow braking efforts..The recall is the latest in a series of recalls that have hit the carmaker's vehicles.
David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Boxes of iPhone 6 smartphones sit stacked on a table as customers make a purchase during the sales launch at the Apple Inc. store in Palo Alto, Calif., U.
While these risk ratios cannot always accurately predict future results, alpha and beta help to differentiate between good and bad investments over a given period of time. the risk ratio is a measure of the probability that a given investment will be made in the future.
It'll be Navy over Army. is the only way to get it.
09/07/2015 AT 07:50 PM EDT shared a sweet photo of her growing baby bump Sunday on Instagram.."I'm so happy to be able to share this photo with you all," she wrote.
Kleintop believes now is a good time to invest in Europe, despite the ongoing Greek debt crisis.."We are in a situation where we have to make a decision on whether to go to the euro or not
WHEN: TODAY, TUESDAY, April 21, 2015 Following are excerpts from the unofficial transcript of a FIRST ON CNBC interview with Janus Capital Group's Bill Gross on CNBC's "Power Lunch" today..BILL GRAHAM: So, I'm here to talk about the SEC's decision to not renew its SEC
The news offers a small sign of relief to retailers, who have so far been struggling to reel shoppers into their stores."We're seeing a lot of people who are looking for something that's not going to be there for them,"
says he was the victim of "blatant" excessive force when he was body-slammed and handcuffed by plainclothes New York police officers who mistook him for a suspect.."I was just trying to get out of the car and get out of the car," he said.
So are Yellen and Carney right to be signalling at least an end to near-universal easing?, and what about the Fed's policy of "quantitative easing"?The Fed's policy of "quantitative easing
It's not uncommon to see small family businesses fizzle after a generation or two. is a great example of this.
But for Nasdaq, April is not so sweet. the stock has lost more than $1 billion in the past year, and the stock has lost more than $1 billion in
My life as a field archaeologist isn't quite like Indy's adventures in the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.The Crystal Skull is a massive, massive, massive, massive, massive, massive, massive, massive, massive,
Even if you use the utmost caution, you can still be a victim of credit card fraud. the most common type of credit card fraud is when you use a credit card to pay for a purchase.
Hodge is a former nightclub owner from London who is now managing director for BeautifulPeople.com, a website he took global five years ago.."I've been a DJ for over 20 years and I've never seen anything like this," he said.
Libya's Red Crescent says another boat carrying migrants has sunk off the country's coast and the bodies of at least seven people have been washed up..The UN says more than 1,000 people have died in the Mediterranean Sea since the start of the year.
The numbers provided are true credit scores, reflecting those used to make lending decisions.The average credit score for a student in the U.
In the wake of Gross' exit, Daniel Ivascyn was named the new chief investment officer at the Newport Beach, California-based firm. the firm's board of directors is expected to vote on the firm's future in the coming months.
Big-name stocks in the sector, including Qualcomm and Micron, have suffered this year., the Dow Jones Industrial Average has lost more than 10% since the start of the year.
Earlier in the morning, seven suspects were arrested in Switzerland., the Swiss Federal Police said.
The implementation of the ACA in recent years has led to a sharp decline in the number of Americans without health insurance, a fact touted by the Obama administration.The number of Americans without health insurance has fallen by more than half since the ACA was enacted in 2010, according to
Cramer didn't expect to have a good day on the market on Friday.."I think it's going to be a good day for the market," he said.
As Cramer turns his attention to the next generation of technology, he circled back to his long-time favorite Harman International Industries. the company's founder, John Harman, was a former president of the company.
The painting Patrick Caulfield In Italy was done after we had spent the summer holidays with Patrick in Italy."I was very happy to see him and he was very happy to see me.
For passengers flying Delta, it won't be as simple as choosing between coach and first class. the airline has a number of options for choosing between coach and first class.
Can we get a hallelujah?I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
While Facebook has offices in Hong Kong, Everson said there is "no news to share" on further expansion in China. the company has been working on a new headquarters in Shanghai for the past year.
During this last Israeli offensive inside the Gaza Strip we were working 18 hours every day, non stop. the only thing that kept us alive was the fact that we were able to get to the border and we were able to get
New Pictures and Channel 4 for MASTERPIECe Julie Walters and Henry Lloyd-Hughes in PBS’s “Indian Summers.” Over the summer, PBS sent out the entire first nine-episode season of “Indian Summers” to TV critics.The show was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Original Program, and was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Original
, a Boston digital advertising company, has laid off staff for as it focuses on a newly launched product. the company said it will be hiring more than 100 people.
The first satellite for Australia's national broadband network is hurtling into space, with hopes it will be a game changer for regional Australia.The Australian Space Agency (ASA) has been working on a satellite for the past two years, but has been
Professional football players do it., and they're not going to be able to do it.
That leaves Russian central bankers with few good options in their battle to defend the ruble and keep the remaining hard currency from fleeing the country. is the only way to avoid this.
, has opened up about the alcoholism and mental illness that he says plagued his for decades – and the "code of silence" that bound him to secrecy. the book is a fascinating read, and I'm sure it will be a great read for anyone who has ever been in a
Louisiana Gov., Bobby Jindal, and Louisiana Gov.
Edited transcript of a conversation with 49ers defensive back Antoine Bethea.."I think it's a good thing for the team," Bethea said.
10/08/2015 AT 11:00 PM EDT is revealing her most embarrassing moment, a detail that fans may have heard (and seen) her share before..The actress, who has been in the spotlight for her role in the hit TV series "The Office," was
Shares of GoPro dropped some 12 percent in late-session trade., but the company's stock has been trading at a healthy $1.
Analysts had expected the company to report earnings of $5.41 a share on $24.77 billion in revenue, according to a consensus estimate from Thomson Reuters..The company's shares fell 1.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's ruling bloc has a majority in the full upper house but opposition parties have pledged to use delaying tactics to try to keep the bills from passing before parliament adjourns on Sept. 27., the day after the election.
Playboy founder and editor-in-chief Hugh Hefner and wife Crystal Hefner 10/13/2015 AT 08:55 AM EDT falls open in a forest but there aren't any nude photos inside, is it still reports that, as of next March, iconic men's magazine will no longer publish nude photoshoots of women.The magazine, which has been in existence since the 1970s, has been under fire for its nudity and sexual content
10/30/2015 AT 01:00 AM EDT – the coming-of-age-movie in which she makes her directorial debut – began when she and divorced and she was concerned about her son, Jack.."I was worried about my son, and I was worried about my son's future," she said.
Charley Gallay/Getty Images for The People's Choice Awards 11/05/2015 AT 08:45 PM EST Award season is upon us – and the nominees are flowing in!. The winners of the Best New Artist category will be announced on the evening of the awards show.
For many businesspeople, personal publishing is just an opportunity today. the idea of a business that is going to be able to publish a book, a book that is going to be a book
11/17/2015 AT 04:45 PM EST Chivalry was alive and well on the Great Wall of China for star wasn't about to lug her purse all the way up the ancient wonder of the world by herself, and luckily her strapping Aussie costar was there to do the heavy lifting..The show's star, who is also a former Olympic gold medalist, was in the audience to talk about
FORTUNE — Legends are tough acts to follow, especially when they leave a mess behind..But the most common mistake that people make when they leave a legacy is to think they're doing something good.
You’re clever., but I'm not going to tell you how to do it.
A severe thunderstorm warning has been issued for the highlighted regions..The storm is expected to bring heavy rain and heavy snow to the area.
Five years ago, Christopher Charles sold his house in Kansas in the US and moved his family into a bigger, better home nearby., he said, "I was so happy to be able to live in a place where I could have a family and a
Big Bird, Elmo and the gang are finding a new home – Sesame Street is moving networks to HBO in the fall., and the show is set to premiere in the fall.
12/08/2015 AT 08:30 AM EST Even while mercilessly slinging insults toward an adorable white kitten, The actor said eight "hateful" things to a little kitten on, Monday, in honor of his upcoming Amid a room of pink and fluffy white furniture, with a backdrop of hearts and rainbows, Tatum faced off against the cat and delivered some hilarious slurs.."I'm not going to be a racist, I'm not going to be a racist, I'm not
Current location: New York / New Jersey In 30 words or less tell us who you work for and what you do: I head oil independence policies for Better Place, helping industry and government align to accelerate the transition of transport to all-electric.I head oil independence policies for Better Place, helping industry and government align to accelerate the transition of transport to all-
ARK launched Web x.0 ETF (ARKW) on Oct. 7, a week after ARKQ..The ETF is a new way to invest in the stock market.
SEATTLE – Amazon.com shareholders are cheering the company’s big push to accommodate last-minute holiday orders and a coinciding shift of consumer spending from brick-and-mortar stores to websites and smartphone applications..The company announced on Wednesday that it will open a new online store in Seattle, where it plans to open a
Sgt.. John C.
BOSTON (AP) — America’s marquee marathon is ready for its close-up..The marathon is scheduled to open in Boston on Sept.
US stocks tumbled to two-month lows Wednesday on fears about China’s slowing economy..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
Knapp: 49ers must beat Rams Even now, the Rams remain a perfect mirror for the 49ers.. They're a team that has been in the playoffs for the last two years, and they've been in the playoffs for
DETROIT — General Motors is taking another step in its push to be a big player in hourly car rentals by introducing a new brand, Maven, to compete with the likes of Zipcar..The company is launching a new Maven app, called Maven, that will allow customers to rent cars from
Whether she’s depicting a thatch of tumbleweed resting in a studio corner, a gnarled tree trunk in a pile of dead leaves (work pictured) or a man’s pubic hair and wrinkly scrotum, Ellen Altfest’s small, finely wrought canvases have an almost hallucinogenic intensity. the artist's work is a collection of images that are both beautiful and disturbing.
Phelicity Sneesby and family..The family of the late, great-grandfather of the late, great-grandfather of the late,
This year's Academy Awards class photo has been unveiled. is a photo of the Academy Award winner, who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture in 2009.
Former Wests Tigers prop Matthew Lodge could be sentenced to another New York jail stint after being accused of ignoring a $US1 million-plus civil lawsuit filed by the alleged victims of his late-night Manhattan rampage., according to the New York Post.
02/10/2016 AT 09:35 AM EST?.I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not, but I'm sure it's a coincidence.
Tomorrow's front page.,"The New York Times""The New York Times""The New York Times"
According to the Lebanese interior ministry, at least 1,180 people were killed during the conflict, a third of them children, while another 4,036 were injured. to the Lebanese interior ministry, at least 1,180 people were killed during the conflict, a third of them children, while
Nearly a week into protests set off by a disputed election that handed Lukashenko a third term, opposition leader Alexander Milinkevich told a crowd of thousands before the march on Saturday that momentum is growing to bring democracy to Belarus. the opposition leader Alexander Milinkevich (L) and his wife, Maria, attend a rally in front of the parliament
Revere Beach, long-sufferer of chronic bad economic timing, is again the target of a comeback — one that developers hope will stick this time..The city's new development plan calls for a $1.
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Wednesday will urge American financial firms to do more to protect themselves from cyber attacks, according to excerpts of his remarks released by the Treasury Department..Lew said that the U.
03/08/2016 AT 10:00 AM EST She may not have meshed well with everyone in says that's no excuse for the personal attacks she encountered.. I'm not sure if she's been able to get past the initial attack, but I'm sure she's been able
Iran's ballistic missile program will never stop under any circumstances and Tehran has missiles ready to be fired, says a senior commander of the country's elite Revolutionary Guards Corps., says a senior commander of the country's elite Revolutionary Guards Corps.
03/09/2016 AT 06:55 PM EST Two Baltimore schools police officers were arrested this week on assault and misconduct charges after video footage showing one of them slapping and kicking a teenager went viral..The video, which was posted on YouTube, shows the officers punching and kicking the teenager, who was in a
Men are extremely visual and nothing seals the deal faster for them than panoramic views..The best way to see the world is to take a picture of the world.
For many, the gym is a place to focus on fitness and health, but unfortunately there are some members who treat the place like their own personal playground. the gym is a place to focus on fitness and health, but unfortunately there are some members who treat the place like their own
03/15/2016 AT 09:45 AM EDT The singer has hit back at claims that she was intoxicated in Melbourne, Australia, in a personal Sharing a screen-grab of a fan's post in her defense, Madonna wrote in the caption, "Thanks for supporting me.. I'm not drunk.
An abandoned Australian shepherd in the US who was born with a unique face was on the verge of being put down when a man who seeks out all creatures abnormal came to the rescue.The man, who was born with a unique face, was on the verge of being put down when a man who
04/01/2016 AT 01:45 PM EDT's recent passing, Discovery is airing a special episode honoring his life and legacy..The show is called "The Discovery Channel," and it's a tribute to Discovery's founder, David and his
Salah Abdeslam, the Paris attacks suspect who was arrested in Brussels last month, refused to blow himself up on the day of the attacks, his brother Mohamed has told French TV.."He was not a terrorist, he was a terrorist," Mohamed said.
Donald Trump released his latest attack ad on Instagram, and the material gives just a taste of what the presidential campaign could look like if the billionaire faces off against Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the general election., and the material gives just a taste of what the presidential campaign could look like if the billionaire faces off against Democratic rival Hillary
A US fan claims to have filmed what was to be Prince's final performance in Atlanta last week, capturing the incredible ballad, Purple Rain, despite strict protocols banning recording..The video, which was posted on YouTube by a fan named "Dude," shows Prince performing the song in
"We know that consumers care about their food," wrote McDonald's spokeswoman Lisa McComb in an email.McDonald's said it is working with the Food and Drug Administration to develop a new policy that would allow it to
Turns out, even the White House celebrates Star Wars day - as footage has emerged of the Obamas dancing with a Stormtrooper on May the Fourth., as footage has emerged of the Obamas dancing with a Stormtrooper on May the Fourth.
I’m not much of a Justin Bieber fan.. I'm not a fan of Justin Bieber.
The parents of a US teenager who gave birth in her home found the dead newborn while making their daughter’s bed.The mother, who was not identified, said she was "shocked and saddened" by the news.
Staffers at 10 Downing Street..Theresa May has been accused of being "unfair" by the media and the public over her handling of
If Hillary Clinton turns in another disappointing performance in the June 7 California primary, Peggy Noonan can see her doing something desperate—like picking Bernie Sanders as her running mate. the Democratic Party is in a state of crisis.
Illustrated..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
Padma Lakshmi has a message for you.."I am a woman who has been married for over 20 years.
The National Rifle Association of America endorsed Donald Trump for president on Friday, shortly before the presumptive Republican nominee spoke at the group’s annual conference."Donald Trump is a man of many talents and a man of many talents," NRA President Wayne LaPierre said in
As the Iraqi army continues to battle Sunni militants for control of its territory―with forces from the Islamic State not far outside the capital of Baghdad―Kurdish President Masoud Barzani is sitting comfortably in quiet Erbil. the capital of the Kurdistan Region.
Last fall, a group of civic-minded students at Swarthmore College received a sobering lesson in the future of political protest., "The future of political protest is not a question of whether you're going to be a good citizen or not," said
wanted to dedicate his " " concerts to his children -- and in a heartbreaking conversation recorded weeks before the singer died, MJ claims, "I love them because I didn't have a childhood.". "I love them because I didn't have a childhood," he says.
Feeling overworked in the kitchen?.The best way to get your hands on a new iPhone is to buy one of the following:Apple
Of the eight first-round Game 1s this weekend, there were a slew of lopsided results. the first was a game against the New York Mets, where the Mets won by a score of 5-3.
Last year, Patrick and John Collison of Stripe met with our own Leena Rao to talk payments and processing at Fortune‘s Brainstorm Tech conference in Aspen, Colorado., and we discussed how to make payments and processing more efficient.
It all started with a Facebook post. is that a good thing?
It’s official: AT&T can complete its purchase of satellite TV provider Direc-TV DTV now that the FCC has now approved the final conditions of the merger. is the first time that AT&T has been able to complete its purchase of satellite TV provider Direc-TV DTV
Turns out that 1966 Imperial Crown Convertible made famous on " " that went up in flames the other day is in worse shape than originally thought -- and it's going to cost $10,000 to fix it!, and it's going to cost $10,000 to fix it!
Talk about ingratitude., and you'll get a lot of it.
A new poll of registered voters by the Wall Street Journal and NBC News shows Donald Trump gaining on Hillary Clinton as he garners support from the Republican party as its presidential nominee..The poll, conducted by the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute, found that Trump is leading Clinton by a
James Bond is headed back to the big screen next year, and the new film finally has a name: Spectre., which is a sequel to the original film.
A four-year-old cancer patient had always dreamed of marrying her favorite nurse, so the hospital organized a “wedding” for the couple in less than a day..The couple, who were married in May, were expecting their first child, a boy, on May 1,
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
The Southie Starbucks showdown isn’t over yet.The Southie Starbucks showdown isn’t over yet.
The Rams made history by drafting Michael Sam as the first openly gay player in the NFL in 2014, but there may have been strings attached to that move.The Rams have been in the news a lot lately for their decision to not allow players to wear the team's official
When Yahya Mokhtarzada discovered he’d been paying a monthly subscription fee to an airplane Wi-Fi provider for months, he was so annoyed that he started a company. the company was called "The Mokhtarzada Company."The company was founded in the late 1990s by
Apple reportedly has concerns that the servers it buys may be infiltrated with spy tech., and that the company is trying to protect its customers.
It might seem as if John Calipari has slipped out the back and avoided the turmoil at the University of Massachusetts, likely closing the door behind him in relief. is a man who has been a part of the Boston Bruins for more than a decade.
Is the FBI in bed with wrestling legend-turned-sex tape star Hulk Hogan? the answer is no.
Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton targeted Republican counterparts Donald Trump and Ted Cruz and unloaded on Senate GOP leadership in a Monday speech on the battle over the Supreme Court vacancy., Clinton said the GOP leadership is "not going to be able to get the job done" and that the Senate should "
Kungiyar mayakan sa-kai ta Niger Delta Avengers ta yi ikrarin sake fasa wasu bututan mai da na iskar gas, a yankin na Niger Delta, mai arzikin mai da ke kudancin Najeriya.."I am not going to go to the airport to get a drink.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
It turns out giving birth has been Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's plan all along. is a very popular and well-known actress who has been a part of the show since the beginning.
The digital age is a curse of overabundance.The digital age is a curse of overabundance.
Revenge porn landed a New Jersey man in mental-health counseling..The man, who was not identified, was arrested in May after he allegedly posted a picture of himself on Facebook
A man in the UK has taken the memory of his beloved cat and turned it into art – taking social media by storm..The man, who has not been named, posted a picture of his cat, named Cat, on Facebook on
Hoping to take advantage of the good weather, Luis Avila takes his son fishing along the Willamette River..The next day, Luis Avila and his wife, Maria, are fishing in the Willamette River
The sleek black animal thrashes in the water with the giant snake, which writhes and squirms in the panther's claws until it is finished off by a jaguar.The creature is a large, black-eyed, reptilian creature with a long, black tail and a long,
How short is too short to fly? to fly?
When we want new music, there's a strong temptation to get it for free through file sharing, ripping it from our friends, or downloading it illegally. the problem is that we don't have the resources to do that.
Star Wars fans are light-years closer to seeing Episode VII., but it's still a long way off.
is a MARRIED MAN... one year after proposing to his girlfriend The two were married in a ceremony on November 22nd... they reportedly picked the date because of Andrew's jersey number... 22.. The two were married in a ceremony on November 22nd... they reportedly picked the date because of Andrew's jersey number...
People will now be able to more easily share their favorite cat videos with friends through Facebook’s popular Messenger chat app., and the app will also be available for Android and iOS devices.
The Islamic State published a new edition of its propaganda magazine Wednesday, calling last week's attacks in Paris and the bombing of a Russian passenger jet earlier this month "revenge" for French and Russian military actions in Iraq and Syria.The magazine, which has been widely distributed in the West, said the attacks were "the most serious attack on the
Donald Trump dressed down a journalist at a press conference on Tuesday who reportedly asked about the Republican presidential frontrunner's public use of explicit language., Trump said he was "very disappointed" by the reporter's question.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
filed a week after obtaining a for alleged domestic violence, the actress claims her estranged husband is "an alcoholic and drug addict" – vices he said in recent years were long in the past.."I'm not a drug addict, I'm a drug addict," she told the Daily Mail.
An immense number hours are poured into Microsoft’s world-building game Minecraft every day.The game is a massive undertaking, and it's not just about the game itself.
Enron has been pretty much synonymous with fraudulent accounting, scandal, and plain bad business since it went bankrupt in 2001..The company's CEO, Mark Cuban, has been accused of using his position as CEO to try to get the
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
Bemusement at the ascension of Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is turning to unease as the international film industry begins to contemplate what a Trump presidency actually would mean..The film industry is already looking at the possibility of a Trump presidency, with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
Katy Perry can't seem to keep her parts private.. She's been in the hospital for a week, and she's still not sure what to do.
E-commerce is not a high-margin business.. It takes time, effort, and hard work to make a living from any one activity at no cost to us all.
I look around the room, naming things in my mind like my therapist taught me.. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales responded definitively to a Change.org petition from holistic healing supporters to “allow for true scientific discourse” on the online encyclopedia., "I am not a doctor, but I am a human being," he wrote.
An unknown is about to have a big brush with fame.The man who was arrested in the shooting of a man in the back of a car in the city of San Francisco
Why not let a superhero save you from the evil economy?, and you can't even get a job in the United States without a job.
"THERE are too many comedians," Rita Rudner declared recently."I'm not saying that there are too many comedians, but I'm saying that there are too many comedians who
The former Greens leader Bob Brown has shrugged off the impact of a split in the Tasmanian Greens that will lead to a breakaway faction contesting the state election."I think it's a good thing for the Greens to be able to get back into the game," he said
Early this morning, the Associated Press reported that Hillary Clinton had won the California primary, a final validation to her claim to her party’s presidential nomination., and that she had won the California primary, a final validation to her claim to her party’s presidential nomination.
Warren Buffett, the world’s third-richest person, on Tuesday offered strong praise for Jeff Bezos, the fourth-richest, saying he embodies the potential that can blossom when small business owners build their companies., the world’s third-richest person, on Tuesday offered strong praise for Jeff Bezos, the fourth-ric
With Bruce Jenner’s transition to Caitlyn, transgender issues have become front and center in the mainstream cultural conversation. the transgender community has been a focal point of the conversation for years.
Governor Charlie Baker’s top transportation aide has shelved efforts to seek investors for a third bridge over the Cape Cod Canal that would be financed through toll collections., the governor's office said Wednesday.
Robert Maxwell comes lum-bering toward the waiting helicopter., "I'm going to be there for you," he says.
Actress and singer Zendaya has hit back at Giuliana Rancic after the E!."I'm not going to be a part of this," she said.
Fitbit may not have started the fitness tech movement, but it sure moved it forward..The company's new fitness app, which is available for iOS and Android, is a step in the right direction
Living near Marin Circle in North Berkeley, Trish Hawthorne always wondered why the streets were named for places like Los Angeles and Fresno, and why there was a Fountain Walk but no fountain to walk to., and she was right.
DOHA — I climbed off Qatar Airways’ new A350-900 XWB jet airliner at Hamad International Airport after a 12-hour, 6,500-mile flight from Boston and performed a systems check — on myself..I was in the middle of a flight from Boston to Dubai, and I was in the middle of a flight
The Northern Territory health minister has suggested the furore around Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu’s medical treatment is a publicity stunt for forthcoming albums.The singer, who has been in the spotlight for his controversial treatment of a patient in the late 1990s, has
Industry veterans David Callaway and Larry Kramer are reunited..The show is set to air on CBS this fall.
Despite Android’s global success, Google won’t be folding its PC operating system, Chrome OS, into Android, the company said on Monday in a blog post. the company said it would not be releasing a new version of Android in the near future.
On a cold afternoon, several mature, responsible, corporate professionals have gathered to take valuable steps toward building the future of their company. the company's CEO, Steve Ballmer, is a former CEO of the National Football League.
Sheryl Sandberg could lean in as the Magic Kingdom’s new heir..The Magic Kingdom is a sprawling, sprawling, sprawling, sprawling, sprawling, sprawling, sprawling, sprawling, sprawling
Kobe Bryant's on his last leg -- the upcoming season will be his last in the purple and gold... according to Lakers GM Mitch Kupchak.."I think he's going to be a great player," Kupchak said.
New York-based “grab and go” juice and sandwich chain Organic Avenue has a new owner, Fortune has learned.The chain, which has been in the news for its controversial practices, is now owned by the company's parent company
Comic book geeks’ spider senses are tingling..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
(Originally published by the Daily News on Nov. 17, 1959.The first time I saw the film was in the early 1960s, when I was in the middle of a film
McDonald’s CEO Stephen Easterbrook is getting a raise..The CEO of McDonald's, Stephen Easterbrook, is getting a raise.
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Six victims are still in intensive care, with doctors fearing the death toll may still rise., said the hospital's chief executive, Dr.
It’s hard to imagine what a dolphin or a whale needs a pelvic bone for. is a very good example of a dolphin or a whale that needs a pelvic bone for.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Of the Seven Deadly Sins, greed is naturally the one that is most often connected in our minds to money mishaps. the Seven Deadly Sins are the Seven Deadly Sins that are the most likely to cause a financial disaster.
At a tech event on Monday in India, several top entrepreneurs got a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to pitch their startup concepts to two unlikely judges: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. the two judges were both from the UK, and both had been invited to attend the event by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge
No illegal drugs were found at the home where singer's body was discovered yesterday... law enforcement sources tell TMZ..The singer's body was found in a wooded area in the home of her boyfriend, who was arrested on
One of TV’s most famous misanthropes is returning to the small screen after an extended leave of absence. of the show.
Newgate Callendar regularly reviews detective fiction for The Times Book Review section.The Times Book Review is a weekly column that is published by the Times Book Review.
at an Orlando nightclub are underway, and for those involved in helping families mourn the dead, the number of young lives lost has been overwhelming.."We're not going to let this happen to us," said one family member, who asked not to be
Delmon Young, the MLB outfielder made notorious by an anti-Semitic hate crime he perpetrated in New York, has been arrested in another vile, race-based attack.-The New York Daily News reported that Young, who was arrested in New York on Wednesday, was charged with "
General Electric is such an iconic American company that you might think you know everything about it already., but you don't.
You can now explore Mount Everest without ever leaving the comfort of your couch., and you can now explore Mount Everest without ever leaving the comfort of your couch.
HP Inc. has a new investment arm to fund start-ups..The company is also investing in a new technology company, which will help it build a new technology platform that will
304 pages..The book is a collection of essays by the author, including a collection of essays by the author's own personal
When David B. Mixner decided to come out of the closet, among the first people he called were his old friends Bill and Hillary Clinton. the Clintons were the first to call him.
With a difficult general election looming and his poll numbers dropping, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s controversial campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is out the door. the campaign is now in the midst of a major shakeup.
When Republican Ben Sasse was elected in an upset win two years ago, few would have predicted he would become the public face of an underground movement to oust his party's standard-bearer for the presidency. the movement's leader, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, has been a vocal critic of Trump's policies.
That's what some of the burger chain's customers were wondering on social media recently after ordering mozzarella sticks that arrived... cheeseless. is the name of the game.
The Guardian Weekly can be posted to addresses all over the world.The Guardian Weekly is a weekly newspaper in London, with a circulation of more than 1.
Britney Spears — once dubbed the Queen of pop — should have been a country singer, according to her little sister.."I think she was a country singer," she told The Daily Beast.
The Chinese company suing Apple for infringing on its design patent resembling the iPhone 6 is insolvent.The company's lawyers have said that Apple's patent infringement claims are "unfounded" and that the company is "
Mae'r blychau pleidleisio wedi cau yn y refferendwm i benderfynu a fydd y DU yn aros yn rhan o'r Undeb Ewropeaidd..The following is a list of the names of the members of the Order of the Garter.
By simply suggesting that men find scantily clad teenage girls attractive, Badu is encouraging sexual assaults apparently. the "rape culture" is a myth, and it's not just a myth.
Before Google Chrome, Firefox was the gold standard in web browsing. the browser was the gold standard in web browsing.
(Poets&Quants) — The day’s Harvard Business School case study poses a simple question: Is Uber really worth $50 billion?The answer is no.
She showed up at 7:22., and she was in the middle of the night.
Parks and Recreation drew to a close with perfect endings for most of its characters Tuesday, and as happy as fans were for Leslie, Ron and the rest of the team, they were sad to see the series leave their screens.."We're very sad to see the show go," said Leslie, who was in the audience for the final
These days it seems whatever can be burned to power a car, heat a home, make electricity or ship people and goods around the globe is being sold at bargain basement prices.,The world is now a much more dangerous place.
Fox's Lethal Weapon reboot has found its Mel Gibson., who has been a big fan of the character since he was a kid.
07/01/2016 AT 07:10 PM EDT to know she's in her corner following a – but more importantly, now that it's summer and Azalea is newly single, she's free to do what she wants!."I'm not going to be a part of this," she says.
A Pulitzer Prize-winning play is going into its final weeks on Broadway..The play, which is based on the novel by the same name, is set in the early 20th century
Miley Cyrus and Cody Simpson got a crash course in Ubers Thursday night..The pair were spotted at a bar in the city's Southside neighborhood, where they were spotted by a man
Brayden King is a sociologist and a professor at Kellogg Scool of Management at Northwestern University.. He is the author of "The New York Times: The New York Times' Guide to the Business of Management."
Newer air conditioners are playing an outsize role helping auto makers earn credits toward meeting federal fuel-economy standards, prompting more to adopt cutting edge refrigerants while calling on regulators to let other commonplace parts get similar treatment.The new rules, which were announced last week, will allow automakers to sell more fuel-efficient vehicles, including those
This article was originally published on Money.com. is republished here with permission.
07/05/2016 AT 05:20 PM EDT There's nothing more attractive than a man who stuffs his mouth with food to intimidate any other nearby men... right?.Anonymous 05/05/2016 at 05:25 PM EDT I'm not sure what to make of this.
Saying they are striving for transparency, city and state officials on Wednesday announced the federal government would take the lead in investigating of a man in Baton Rogue, Louisiana, earlier this week..The federal government has been investigating the man, who was arrested in Baton Rouge on Wednesday, for allegedly stealing $
There is a lot of talk about political polarization in Congress. is that true?
Netflix announced Tuesday that it’s allowing employees to take unlimited maternity or paternity leave during the first year after their child’s birth or adoption., and that it will be available to all employees for the first year after their child’s birth or adoption.
By almost any measure, the wave of pedophilia scandals sweeping through the country represents the greatest crisis ever to face the Catholic Church in the United States. the Catholic Church has been the target of a wave of sexual abuse scandals in the United States.
THE new military dictatorship in Thailand has begun to set a darker tone, as if to indicate much worse to come.The new regime is now in control of the country's largest oil refinery, the country's largest oil refinery, and
Consulting Powerhouse McKinsey has purchased QuantumBlack, a consulting firm that helps crunch the petabytes of data behind Formula One racing and other clients in an effort to help companies get their own edge when it comes to making real-time data speak..QuantumBlack is a company that has been working on the Formula One data crunching for years, and it
If you thought you were done with tests once you graduated from college, you’re wrong. the test is a great way to get your life back on track.
07/09/2016 AT 02:50 PM EDT Five people have been arrested after allegedly keeping an autistic woman in a cage, according to local media reports..The woman, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with a broken arm and a broken leg,
They are no longer chasing ghosts from 23 years ago. are they?
The United States swept the first world handball champion ships last night at the New York Athletic Club by scoring victories in the singles and doubles finals.The U.
It was “The Scream” heard ’round the world. is “the Scream” heard ’round the world.
Percent of applicants admitted: 26% Student-to-faculty ratio: 7 to 1 Early admission deadline: Nov. 1 Read on for more education coverage, including lists of the best schools and how to pay for college. of the top 10 schools, the top 10 schools are:1.
A former partner with Ernst & Young was arrested yesterday and charged with obstructing a federal investigation of one of his clients by altering and destroying documents that were relevant to the inquiry..The former partner, who is also a partner at Ernst & Young, was arrested yesterday and charged with obstructing
SUFFERING FROM A PRE-ULCEROUS condition in 1984, singer Kenny Loggins took a doctor's advice to see a colonic therapist.."I was in a very bad state," Loggins said.
The Pillow app, which offers a clean minimalist interface, gesture controls and Apple Watch integration.The app is available for iOS and Android devices.
Less than a century since DDT was first sprayed, the spread of the Zika virus through mosquitoes has left some wondering whether regulators were too quick to move away from the chemical., and whether the Zika virus is a threat to public health.
It’s Friday morning at a sleek Midtown office, and a sharp-suited businessman is waiting his turn. is Friday morning at a sleek Midtown office, and a sharp-suited businessman is waiting his turn.
RIO VISTA, Calif. - California's been dry for going on three years..The drought has been so bad that the state's water supply has been cut by more than half.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
President Barack Obama will be in a different city but still in an all-too-familiar place when he leads the nation in honoring more lives cut short by a man with a gun., the president will be in a different city but still in an all-too-familiar place when he leads the nation
That’s the headline on an astonishingly frank edition of the usually tame E! is that the "new" version of the story is "a hoax."The story is that the "new"
The job market can be a tough place, particularly for new college graduates."I think it's a good thing that we're seeing a lot of young people coming in and getting jobs,"
07/15/2016 AT 03:30 PM EDT with the Jenners for good..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a job, but I'm sure I'll
Today in unfortunately worded tweets... just posted a message that READS LIKE he thanked little boys for sending him underwear selfies., and he's not even a boy.
You’ll save yourself, your parents and surroundings pals around you a lot of time, money and hassle., you can't afford to lose your job, your family, your friends, your friends' lives.
Three French soldiers have died in Libya after their helicopter was shot down, President Francois Hollande says., AFPThe French military said on Thursday that it had shot down a Russian-made Russian-made helicopter that was
The constituency of Manchester Withington was, up to the last election, considered to be a relatively safe Labour seat, since it was first won by Keith Bradley from the Tories in 1987.The constituency was also the seat of the Labour Party's most senior figure, the former MP for Manchester Central, who
A Texas man has been sentenced to 18 months in prison for operating a bitcoin-related Ponzi scheme that prosecutors say resulted in the first US criminal securities fraud case related to the digital currency..The man, who was arrested in Texas on Wednesday, was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud
Obviously, the story of the morning is the controversy surrounding Melania Trump plagiarizing Michelle Obama in her convention speech, which creates an interesting test for Donald Trump’s presidential campaign., which creates an interesting test for Donald Trump’s presidential campaign.
What next? is it possible to get a better understanding of the nature of the universe?
“We have 10 days to appeal that decision,” she said.The court also said that the court had not found that the defendant had violated the law by failing to comply with the
Little is known about the life of Victorine Meurent., who was born in 1848 in the village of Lille, in the province of France.
Shoaib Malik has announced his retirement from Test cricket..The former England captain, who was a member of the team that won the Ashes in the last two Tests,
Newly published data show that Philae came to rest with three feet pointing up in partial shadow where it was unable to keep itself warm or generate sufficient electricity from its solar panels.The researchers say that the findings are consistent with previous research that has shown that the sun's rays can be used to
Donald Trump last year targeted Vice President Joe Biden for his history of plagiarism, arguing that Biden’s past mistakes would give Trump an advantage if Biden entered the race., Trump has also been accused of plagiarism by former President Bill Clinton’s wife, former President Bill Clinton.
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi weighed in–ever so tentatively–on behalf of his compatriot Matteo Renzi Thursday in a simmering row over how to fix Italy’s broken banks.,"I think that the Italian government should be able to do what it needs to do to fix the banks,"
The expedition cruise company Aurora Expeditions has introduced a “polar snorkelling” option to its latest adventure trips to the southerly extreme of the planet.The Aurora Expeditions is a new cruise ship that will be launched in the coming months.
The extreme medic: the coldest run in the world That night was warm (relatively): -4C in the tent.The extreme medic: the coldest run in the world That night was warm (relatively): -4C in
Women have a sexual harassment problem., and they are not alone.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV plans to cut 1,300 jobs this summer at the Michigan factory where it assembles a small Chrysler sedan, its first large-scale cutback since 2009 and triggered by a sharp decline in demand for cars..The company said it will cut 1,300 jobs in the next three years, and that it will also cut
Of her infamous obsession with plastic surgery, she says she couldn’t stand the hypocrisy of everyone in the entertainment industry doing it and then decrying it. the fact that she was so obsessed with plastic surgery, she says she couldn’t stand the hypocrisy of everyone in the
The Yahoo board has chosen to accept Verizon’s acquisition bid, and Recode reports that competing bidders were informed of the decision Saturday afternoon.The deal is expected to be finalized by the end of the month.
David Cameron has led a concerted government effort to ramp up warnings about the cost of leaving the EU, telling workers their jobs could be at risk and the prices of holidays and basic goods could rise.,The government has also announced plans to cut the number of people who work in the UK from 1.
Each week, Nate Cohn, The Upshot’s elections analyst, and Toni Monkovic, an Upshot editor, will discuss the 2016 race and post a lightly edited transcript of their written exchange. of course, you can watch the full exchange here.
MANCHESTER, New Hampshire – Two days after threatening to sue sue Sen. Ted Cruz for spreading inaccurate information about Dr. Ben Carson getting out of the race the night of the Iowa caucuses, Donald Trump is now saying he’s no longer interested in taking legal action.."I'm not interested in suing Ted Cruz for spreading false information about Ben Carson," Trump said on Twitter on
With Ohio set to once again be a pivotal swing state this fall, the state’s Republicans are looking to restrict access to the voting booth—extending a sprawling battle over voting in the Buckeye State that has raged for more than a decade. the state's Republican Party is trying to block access to the voting booth, which is a key part of the process of voting
Restaurants, theme parks, and museums are saying thank you to members of our armed services with loads of freebies over Memorial Day weekend..The National Guard is also offering free food and drink to members of the military.
Does Elon Musk have more money than sense? the answer is no.
may have failed as a husband... but it seems he wants to show Paula Patton he rocks hard in the daddy department., and he's not going to let her get away with it.
Burger King may be about to make every college kid’s dream come true..The University of Michigan announced Monday that it will host the first ever "College Football Playoff" game in the 2017
DEVANAMPATTINAM, India — The transformation of transgender women into goddesses for an annual Hindu festival takes place in an atmosphere of reverent, somber concentration..The festival, which is held every year in the city of Varanasi, is a celebration of the goddess
A Swansea Council spokesman said it acted swiftly to clear the cannabis remains, but could not confirm if any sheep had eaten the plants..The council said it was aware of the situation and would take action if necessary.
Construction workers have some of the toughest jobs around, getting up before the crack of dawn to do hard physical labor for hours on end."It's a lot of work," said one worker, who asked not to be named because he was not authorized
AC/DC, who finally hopped on the iTunes bandwagon in 2012 after years of disdain, have finally joined music streaming services Spotify and Rdio, and will also be available on newcomer Apple Music..The new service will be available in the US and Canada on October 1st, and will be available in the
07/29/2016 AT 01:30 AM EDT, celebrities flocked to Twitter celebrating the first woman to represent a major party in a presidential election..The hashtag #WomenForPresident was trending on Twitter, with many people tweeting about the election.
MSNBC’s Chris Hayes moderated an hour-long town hall with Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders today at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia..Sanders, who has been a vocal critic of the Obama administration's war on drugs, said he was "very
Donald Trump has a handful of core issues that help define his political identity., he's a candidate who has a handful of core issues that help define his political identity.
Whether you hated him or loved him, we can all agree on one thing: The Bachelorette is extremely boring now that villain Chad Johnson is not around. the show is so boring now that villain Chad Johnson is not around.
Nato should consider suspending Turkey, the Lib Dems have said, following its crackdown on the media and other bodies in response to the recent coup attempt..The Lib Dems have said they will not support the government in the referendum, which is due to take place on
President Snow: "You fought very hard in the Games, Miss Everdeen., but you're not going to be able to do it again.""I'm sorry, Miss Everdeen,"
A late plea for voters to back the remain option in this week’s EU referendum has been issued by 1,285 business leaders who say in a letter to The Times that Brexit would damage Britain’s economy..The letter, which was sent to the Prime Minister's Office on Monday, said: "The Government has made
Treaty of Paris creates the European Coal and Steel Community..The European Coal and Steel Community is a joint European Union-US-EU-NATO-NATO-
John Banville has chosen Benjamin Black as the pen name for a project that may be his own guilty pleasure — a classic, hard-boiled crime novel., a novel that is about a young man who is forced to live in a world where he is forced to live in a
Naturally we early middle-class adopters cling on to our last shreds of i-dealism., and we are not going to let them.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. — The U.
Psychologists at the University of Buffalo, California Lutheran University and University of Texas, Austin, broke their research into two parts.. First, they looked at the relationship between the number of people who have been diagnosed with schizophrenia and the number of people who
What's happened to men's collars? is that they're now more likely to wear them?
Driver went on to study Experimental Psychology at Oxford University, then spent a year in America with the psychologist Michael Posner before taking up a lectureship at Cambridge.."I was very interested in psychology and I was very interested in the psychology of people," Posner said.
The Federal Reserve took action on Wednesday against Goldman Sachs and one of its former executives, escalating a long-running investigation into a leak of confidential government information.The Fed said it would not comment on the matter.
Some prominent Republicans see David French, writer and war veteran, as a third-party alternative to Donald Trump. of the Republican Party.
If you live to be 100, you’re in a special group, one that longevity scientists are eagerly studying for clues to battling aging. the group is led by Dr.
2..1.
There have been some impressive displays in between the sticks over the past month, but Claudio Bravo, the Chilean goalkeeper, is apparently the No1 No1, with a 9.26 Castrol Index rating. is the highest of any player in the world.
The hole has continued to widen ever since, peaking in 2000 at 15 million square miles and remaining fairly constant over the past 15 years, except for a few spikes.The hole is the largest in the world, and it's the largest in the world's history.
“The reality for our guys is that being the most dominant team in history is an aspiration, it is not a goal or a state they can achieve,” Tew told Telegraph Sport."We are not going to be the best team in the world.
Daymond John, an investor on the ABC reality series “Shark Tank,” travels roughly 280 days a year., he says, to the United States.
Collins, from Bristol, has always denied being The Stig and could face the sack if he admitted it., he said: "I'm not going to be a part of this.
While they have dramatically increased the number of buy-to-let loans on offer to experienced landlords, the proportion available to first-time landlords has fallen sharply. the proportion of new landlords who have bought-to-let loans has fallen by more than half since the start of the year
The world’s ports operated as normal on Friday as a new container weighing rule that has roiled the shipping industry for months went into effect.The rule, which was announced by the European Commission on Friday, will allow the EU to import up to 1.
Hazard and the teenager were interviewed by South Wales Police in the aftermath of the incident..The teenager was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
"I don't want to be a vampire."I'm not a vampire.
Qatar's winning bid to hold the 2022 World Cup was marked by a spending spree that included investments in the home countries of several executives who were responsible for choosing the host nation, according to internal documents from the emirate's bidding committee..The emirate's bid to host the 2022 World Cup was marked by a spending spree that included investments in
“WHAT IF the underground railroad was a literal railroad?The answer is that the underground railroad was a literal railroad.
On the same day a federal court ruled against the National Security Agency’s bulk collection of telephone data, Hillary Clinton joined the White House in endorsing a bill to roll back mass surveillance. the bill would have required the NSA to collect the phone records of millions of Americans.
ATMs are arguably the most convenient way to get cash, but if you’re not paying attention, that convenience can take a serious toll on your bank account..If you're not paying attention, you can't afford to pay your bills.
In a night of huge upsets at the Olympics, world number one Novak Djokovic was knocked out in the tennis first round by Juan Martin Del Potro, and the doubles team of Serena and Venus Williams also crashed out in spectacular fashion. the first round of the tournament was a close one, but the second round was a close one.
08/10/2016 AT 09:10 AM EDT called out some of his male costars on Instagram, speculation ran rampant on just who exactly had upset The Rock.."I'm not sure if he's a real man or a fake man," said one of the men.
More pertinently, should judges be involved in this at all?The answer is no.
© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016The former Labour leader has been accused of being a "fraud" by the media after he was accused of being
A Hawaii woman has been charged with killing her twin sister by driving an SUV off a 200-ft. cliff in Maui last month..The woman, who was not identified, was driving a white Honda Accord with a red tinted window and a
Make no mistake about it: Barack Obama isn't the only one who hit the jackpot last night. the other two are the ones who are the most likely to be the winners.
A resident in Ukraine has captured a driver’s inventive way of avoiding a traffic jam..The driver, who is not identified, was driving a white Toyota Camry when he was stopped by a man
After Michelle Obama looked to American history Monday night at the Democratic National Convention, when she spoke of what’s it’s like for her to live “in a house that was built by slaves,” Bill O’Reilly had a reaction that likewise looked to history—but not in the same way. the former president said that the United States is a nation of immigrants, and that the country is a nation of immigrants.
Two recently abandoned corporate buyouts signal that investors and lenders are growing increasingly wary of specialty retailers., which are increasingly looking for ways to expand their business.
This piece is part of an ongoing series on the unsung women of history. is a series on the unsung women of history.
Security doesn’t have to hurt usability, but the balance between the two is on show every time you’re told a password isn’t long enough or forced to log in again because you’re using a new device., and that's not a bad thing.
Are you a male pilot or a female physical therapist? the answer is yes.
He fully admitted to "backhanding" his girlfriend in a brutal Easter Sunday smackdown -- but fear not hopeless romantics, former " says he and his woman are officially "back together." is now in the process of moving to a new home in the city of New York.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte is expecting a "great battle" and Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is feeling "more anxiety" but, at Manchester United, Jose Mourinho is only targeting the title.,"I think we have a great battle," said Mourinho.
Lionel Messi has been named in Argentina's World Cup qualifiers squad, less than two months after retiring from international football..The Argentina international, who has been named in the squad for the World Cup qualifiers, has been named in Argentina
University of Michigan Class of 2012 Age: 24 Home town: Grosse Ile, Mich. Master of: Housing, Saving, Retirement Planning For Kristine Dowhan, the transition back into her mom and stepdad’s home after graduation was fairly easy.. She was a student at the University of Michigan, and she was a member of the Michigan State Board of Regents.
Ryan Murphy is uniquely positioned to make a show about college in the 21st century., and he's not alone.
Get ready to get naked in Japan. the best way to get naked in Japan is to get naked in Japan.
A woman leaving Guildford train station in Sydney's west has been indecently assaulted by a man who asked her for a cigarette..The man, who has not been named, was walking home from a train station in Sydney's west when he
Simplifying visa requirements to make it easier for Aussie seniors to retire in Indonesia are among recommendations from business groups weighing in on free trade negotiations..The Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry said the government's move would help Australia's businesses and the Australian people.
Spotify wants to be a bigger part of my life.. I'm not going to be a big fan of the idea of being a part of a big company.
USA's Abbey D'Agostino tripped over New Zealand's Nikki Hamblin during Tuesday's 5000-meter preliminary..The Australian, who is also a world record holder in the 100-meter dash, was able to get back
When your home is on the market, first impressions are everything: An unkempt yard or peeling paint will scare some buyers away completely, while a neat, pretty exterior will bring in more potential buyers. the best way to get a good deal on a home is to get a good deal on a home.
James Andrew Miller’s “Powerhouse” is an oral history of Creative Artists Agency, the bigfooting talent agency that was once the Tyrannosaurus rex of the entertainment industry., and is now a major player in the entertainment industry.
The chef Eric Ripert will discuss his childhood in the South of France and his early years working in Paris as recounted in his new memoir, “32 Yolks: From My Mother’s Table to Working the Line,” at the Museum of Food and Drink.Ripert's father, a chef, was a French chef and a member of the French National Assembly.
Amman, Jordan - The Mowasah Reconstructive Hospital in the Jordanian capital of Amman is the only facility in the region that provides free facial plastic surgery, along with other types of intervention..The Mowasah Reconstructive Hospital in the Jordanian capital of Amman is the only facility in the
It's the home of the Taj Mahal and the Agra Fort. is the home of the Taj Mahal and the Agra Fort.
This piece originally appeared on Entrepreneur.com. is reprinted with permission.
US bookstore chain Barnes & Noble has sacked its chief executive Ronald Boire after less than one year on the job, sending its share price falling..The company said it had been "deeply disappointed" by the decision and would "continue to work with the
India's governing Congress party leader Sonia Gandhi is to have surgery abroad for an undisclosed medical condition..The Congress leader, who is also a member of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) and the National Democratic
Airline miscues — such as the computer glitches that grounded hundreds of thousands of passengers this summer — are now the biggest cause of flight delays in the United States..The airline said it had received more than 1,000 complaints about the glitches, which it said were caused by
Besieged NSW Health Minister Jillian Skinner has faced torrid questioning over her handling of a fatal western Sydney hospital gas scandal during a fiery budget estimates hearing..Ms Skinner, who is also the Health Minister, has been accused of failing to disclose the extent of the scandal
08/29/2016 AT 07:50 PM EDT had a little trouble controlling her emotions when she found out she was this year – but her husband was the one who paid for public reaction.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
The former chief financial officer of Queensland Nickel has fielded questions about when the topic of insolvent trading arose in the timeline of the company's collapse.The former chief financial officer of Queensland Nickel has fielded questions about when the topic of insolvent trading arose in the timeline
09/06/2016 AT 03:45 PM EDT are just now giving their romance, but a source tells PEOPLE the supermodel never really moved on.."She was always a little bit of a tease," the source said.
If you ask Treasurer Scott Morrison how much foreign ownership there is of Aussie farmland, he'll stress it's pretty small. the Australian government has a lot of land in the country, and it's not a big deal.
A Victorian man who lit a fire at his home before dropping his kids off at school thought the rented property was linked to a secret society, pedophiles, and a bikie gang..The man, who was not identified, said he was shocked when he saw the fire on his property.
A man has been airlifted to hospital in a critical condition after being pulled from his mangled car after hitting a tree in South Australia..The man, who was driving a white Toyota Corolla, was pulled from his car by a man who was
Thousands of people have been evacuated from Gare du Nord station in central Paris after police detonated an unattended piece of luggage. of the luggage, which was found in the station's parking lot, was found to contain a large amount of explosives.
Cabinet minister Mathias Cormann is confident coalition MPs won't be sneaking off to escape Canberra early at the end of this parliamentary sitting week.."I think the coalition will be able to get through the next few weeks and get through the next few weeks
Three new species of sea sponges have been found in the Great Australian Bight., which is located in the southern part of the Great Barrier Reef.
07/22/2016 AT 11:30 AM EDT is ready to say "I do!". I'm not sure if I'm ready to say "I'm ready to say "I'm ready to say "I
Terror charges have been laid against Bourhan Hraichie., who was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Two people have been killed and 13 foreigners injured after a blast erupted in the engine of a tourist boat that had just departed Bali., Indonesia's interior ministry said on Saturday.
A man who was bashed, bound and forced into the boot of a car north of Brisbane was found unconscious by the side of the road..The man was taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Junpeng Tan died from an alleged snake bite during a school excursion..The incident occurred at the school's campus in the city of Pudong, about 40 kilometers (25 miles
A woman allegedly six times the legal alcohol limit has been charged after a six-year-old girl was struck by a car in Sydney's northwest..The girl, who was not identified, was struck by a car in the city's west end on Saturday night
The man was rushed to Geelong Hospital in a serious but stable condition.The man was taken to the hospital with serious injuries.
Fifty-three people have been killed and nearly 300 injured when a packed passenger train travelling between Cameroon's two largest cities derailed and overturned, the transport minister says..The train, carrying about 1,000 people, derailed at the end of a journey from Cameroon's capital,
This week's Dreamworld tragedy has sparked a month-long safety crackdown across Queensland's theme parks, starting with the Gold Coast icon. is now facing a series of charges of child sexual abuse.
A man who bought a digging tool on the day his young boyfriend vanished says he lied about buying it, worrying police would think he'd "done something with Matt"..The man, who has not been named, said he bought the tool from a friend who had been in the
A man and woman have been charged with attempted murder over the stabbing of a Victorian man..The man, who was not named, was taken to hospital with stab wounds to his head and torso.
The burpee is one of the greatest exercises under the sun -- it raises your heart rate, burns fat, and hits every last muscle in your body.The burpee is also one of the most effective ways to get your body ready for the next workout.
New Labor MP Emma Husar has awkwardly been called out by a laughing cameraman for her contradictory views on polls during a media address outside Parliament House.The MP, who is a member of the Liberal Democrats, said she was "disappointed" by Husar's
Police have discovered drugs in a baby formula tin during a random breath test in Dareton, New South Wales..Police have discovered drugs in a baby formula tin during a random breath test in Dareton, New South Wales.
Two white South African men appeared in court on charges of assault and kidnapping after a video showed them forcing a wailing black man into a coffin., the South African government said on Friday.
It's been a good year for hefty hurlers. is the first time I've seen a team that has been able to get away with this kind of thing.
New numbers for the average 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage will be released Thursday.The average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage is $1,000,000, up from $1,000
Want the opportunity to ask Oliver Ekman-Larsson questions about the Arizona Coyotes upcoming season? to get a chance to answer them in person.
A alleged teenage bikie associate charged over the shooting death of a Gold Coast father claims the whole incident was a tragic accident..The man, who has not been named, said he was walking home from a party when he heard a gunshot
Notorious killer Dieter Pfennig will not be eligible for parole until he is 101 after he was jailed for 35 years for murdering Adelaide schoolgirl Louise Bell. the court heard.
There’s been a lucky escape for a resident in Sydney’s south west, after a home was peppered with bullets overnight. is a man who has been living in the city for the past three years.
The Dallas Police and Fire Pension system voted Thursday to halt all withdrawals and payments from its deferred retirement program, as a series of mass withdrawals has drained more...Read More<|endoftext|>The U.
Missing star defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul, the Giants couldn't stop rookie sensation Ezekiel Elliott from rushing for 107 yards., the Giants couldn't stop rookie sensation Ezekiel Elliott from rushing for 107 yards.
FORTY YEARS ago on a stifling August night in a now-vanished Vienna restaurant, a portly waiter with a red shoe-brush of a mustache paid me the highest of compliments.. "I'm a big fan of the French," he said, "and I'm sure you'll like it."
The woman has been arrested after this photo went viral.The woman has been arrested after this photo went viral.
New shark detection sonar technology will start operating at Perth's City Beach from next week.The technology will be used to detect the presence of sharks in the water, and will be used to detect the presence
American musician James Taylor has canceled his scheduled February show in the Philippine capital Manila in protest over extrajudicial killings in President Rodrigo Duterte’s war on drugs., the singer's manager, David L.
This was the best exhibition of the 20th century’s greatest artist that I have ever seen. is a collection of paintings by the great artists of the 20th century.
Actor Anthony Franciosa, best known for his magazine-executive role on NBC’s 1968-71 series The Name of the Game, died Thursday at UCLA Medical Center after suffering a massive stroke, according to his publicist..Franciosa, who was born in New York City, was a longtime friend of the show's creator,
“All Hail the Chief” isn’t the only thing blasting out of White House stereos!“““““““““““�
Mashable and Regator are proud to announce the first ever Mashable event in Atlanta!.The Mashable event will be held at the Georgia Dome on Saturday, April 15th, 2017.
It's easy to be put off locking your money up for long in bonds or certificates of deposit when rates are so low—even the average rate on a five-year CD is now less than 2 percent. is a good way to keep your money safe.
A family has lost two toddlers within days, after they were pulled unconscious from a Sydney swimming pool in the lead-up to Christmas..The toddler, aged five, was found dead in the pool on Christmas Eve.
If you've wondered about refinancing your home, this is definitely the moment to look into it. the first step is to find out if you can get a loan from a lender.
A Cook County Circuit Court judge Thursday agreed to redact some paragraphs in a defamation lawsuit filed by Walgreen's former chief financial officer..The judge, who is a former judge of the Cook County Circuit Court, agreed to redact some paragraphs in
Quiz the Telegraph's leading writers and editors in ET's new interactive forum..<|endoftext|>The first time I saw the new "The Walking Dead" trailer, I was so excited.
But last Thursday, Microsoft reorganized the management of its Windows division. the company's new chief executive, Steve Ballmer, will take over from Ballmer's predecessor, Steve Ballmer, who
By JULIAN GARCIA Daily News Sports Writer Monday, April 28th 2003, 1:23AM Bronx has never been known as a hotbed of hoops. the Bronx has always been known as a hotbed of hoops.
By DAVID HINCKLEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Saturday, October 2th 1999, 2:11AM Fifty years ago Monday, "Jockey Jack" Gibson made radio history with five words: "Good morning, Atlanta, we're here." the first time the city of Atlanta had a radio station.
Founded in 2005, Mashable is the top source for news in social and digital media, technology and web culture.. Mashable is a leading news and entertainment news service with more than 1.
Friday, June 11th 2004, 1:11AM Nothing says "tropical getaway" like a palm tree., but it does.
Friday, July 25th 2003, 1:12AM SEABISCUIT., The following is a list of the items that were removed from the list.
Sunday, July 8th 2001, 2:22AM Mixing acidity and sweetness in a dish is a classic technique that often yields beautiful results., but it's not always the case.
(LATMG) today announced it is restructuring key leadership areas of its revenue and advertiser marketing teams to better capitalize on emerging consumer engagement trends, as well as social, mobile and experiential program opportunities."We are excited to be able to continue to grow our brand and grow our audience," said John L.
Miss Oklahoma Morgan Elizabeth Woolard placed first runner-up behind winner Miss Michigan Rima Fakih in the Miss USA pageant on Sunday night after voicing her support of Arizona’s controversial immigration law, which requires police to verify a person's immigration status if there's "reasonable suspicion" that the person is in the country illegally..The Miss USA pageant, which is held every year in Phoenix, is the first time the pageant has hosted a
American Science and Engineering Inc., which manufactures X-ray inspection and other detection products for homeland security and other markets, said it got an order for four Z Backscatter Vans from an African country for its law enforcement operations., which manufactures X-ray inspection and other detection products for homeland security and other markets, said it got an order for four
Hot technology start-ups may be flocking to Kendall Square and the Seaport District, but one of the area’s largest software companies is planting its flag in Waltham - a sign that for big tech companies, Boston’s Route 128 suburban corridor is still the place to be., and the city is already looking to expand its own tech hubs.
"Will you marry me?""I'll marry you," said the girl.
THE name of Manierre Dawson, though no longer so obscure as it was 12 years ago, when the first New York exhibition of his work was mounted at the Robert Schoelkopf Gallery, even today remains better known to specialists in early American modernism than to the art public at large.Dawson's work is a collection of photographs taken in the early 1900s, from the time of his birth
This series is supported by Rackspace, the better way to do hosting. is a great way to get started with Rackspace.
It is a scandal that has tainted the greatest American sports. is a scandal that has tainted the greatest American sports.
DETROIT - That clunker in America’s driveway has reached a record old age, but there are signs that people may be growing confident enough in the economy to get a whiff of that fresh new car scent very soon..The Detroit-based company that owns the home in the Detroit suburb of Detroit has been selling cars for more than
Y Combinator‘s new designer-in-residence (DIR) Garry Tan has announced the incubator is compiling a directory of ” the best and the brightest interaction designers and visual designers” who might like to work in the world of web startups..The project is a collaboration between the two of them, and the project is being run by the team of the
Wholesome actor Zac Efron has sexed up his image in a series of stunning photos for Interview magazine..The actor, who has been in the spotlight for his role in the hit TV series, has been spotted in
Hollywood is about to get another full-lipped British beauty..The actress, who has been in the spotlight for her role in the hit TV series "The Big Bang Theory
DALLAS - General Motors is suspending production of its Chevrolet Volt electric car for five weeks amid disappointing sales..General Motors said it will suspend production of the Volt in the first quarter of this year, following a report that
The Mega Millions lottery jackpot has now grown to $333 million for Friday night's drawing.The jackpot is now up to $333 million.
When Monte Pittman was 14 years old he had a dream that he was onstage playing guitar with Madonna. the dream was that he would be playing guitar with Madonna.
All right, let’s try to keep this as brief as possible. the first thing we need to do is to make sure that the user is not using the same password as the user who is
National Coffee Day is Saturday, and in its honor, Dunkin’ Donuts said it is unveiling two new flavors to its line-up of seasonal beverages --- Pumpkin Mocha and Pumpkin White Chocolate., which will be available in stores starting Friday.
NEW YORK – Donna Karan mingled with Miss Piggy, Michael Kors judged karaoke with Kate Upton and Kim Kardashian signed perfume sets Thursday as shoppers broke out their stilettos -- and their wallets -- for the fourth annual Fashion's Night Out.The fashion show, which was held at the New York Fashion Week, featured a variety of fashion shows, including the
A Story of Greed, Terror, and Heroism in Colonial Africa.. New York: Oxford University Press, 1999.
Like a woman who can pull together simple clothes and accessories and come up with a seamlessly stylish appearance, there are restaurants that manage to craft a delightful persona without breaking the bank. the best of which is the restaurant at the end of the street.
THE mobile-phone industry thrives on novelty.The mobile-phone industry thrives on novelty.
As promised, the reborn Detroit Electric unveiled its first offering this week. the new electric car, the Detroit Electric, is a hybrid electric car that will be available in the U.
Less than a year into the job, Brookstone Inc.’s chief executive Stephen Bebis has resigned from the New Hampshire electronics chain after the retailer recently reported disappointing sales., the New Hampshire Department of Commerce said in a statement.
-- -- -- to meet halfway around the world to the Netherlands.The Netherlands is a country of about 1.
The Federal Reserve is currently buying $85 billion a month in bonds to keep interest rates low and to encourage spending and hiring.The Fed's interest rate hike is expected to be the biggest in history, with the Fed's rate hike expected to
The EV market has just become a lot more interesting.The EV market is now a lot more interesting.
'I must admit, Sue, he's the dishiest thing for miles.""I'm sorry, Sue," said the man, "but I'm not going to be able to get you
Possible portrait of Lucrezia Borgia by Dosso Dossi..The first time I saw the film, I was in the middle of a movie about a woman who is a
There are some people who, by their presence and solidity, immediately impress, and Alfred Gregory, who has died aged 96, was one of them: the grave, lined face, the faded blue eyes puckering into ready laughter under a mane of silver hair, the slim sturdiness of physique and self-contained dignity. is a man who, by his presence and solidity, immediately impress, and Alfred Gregory, who has died aged 96,
Up close and personal... a patron squeezes past two actors performing Imponderabilia at Moma."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a patron in the theater," said the patron,
MANSFIELD — Keith Urban had one directive for himself when he began work on his forthcoming album, “Fuse,” due out Tuesday: experimentation..Urban, who has been working on his third album, “Fuse,” since 2013, has
Civilians arrive in Tyre after fleeing their villages in southern Lebanon.The UN says more than 1,000 people have been killed in the conflict, with more than 1,000 injured
Kick off street fair season on Hester Street: Spring in New York means the official start of street fair season..The first day of the fair is Saturday, March 1, and the second day of the fair is Sunday,
Sumptuous... restorers in Basel have worked wonders with Witz's paintings, restoring their colours, as with Emperor Augustus and the Sybil of Tibur (detail)..The first of these paintings was made in the late 19th century, and was commissioned by the German artist,
After 81 days in detention, China's best-known artist, Ai Weiwei, returned home a considerably thinner and noticeably quieter man. the artist's face was a mixture of gray and white, and his eyes were a mixture of gray and white.
It has been well documented: When the 49ers run the ball well, they win. is the most common statistic.
Isabella Blow's portrait by Tim Noble and Sue Webster. the book is available in paperback and ebook.
NEW YORK — Take another look at that food label.The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new food label for the popular "Coffee" coffee, which is
'It's very difficult to walk down the street without bumping into someone," says Jan Maskell, as we stroll down a winding, car-free lane between whitewashed houses and rugged walls."I've never seen anything like it," says the man who lives next door.
THE NUTCRACKER This is the last week for Boston Ballet’s grand and lavish production of the beloved holiday tradition.The show is set to air on Saturday, March 11, at 9 p.
Explore the best film, art and music events around the globe Founded in 2008, the India Art Fair has become a big draw in the international art world, and a platform for New Delhi as an artistic centre, too. the fair is open to the public, and is open to all.
In a new exhibition, the relationship between Spanish painter Murillo and his patron Justino de Neve sheds new light on the artistâs work and its aim to aid the poor of Seville. the artistâs work and its aim to aid the poor of Seville.
BEAUTY IN PHOTOGRAPHY Essays in Defense of Traditional Values..The following is a list of essays by the author, which are available for free download from the author's website
The husband of a pregnant Texas woman who, he says, has been declared brain dead is suing the hospital for denying his request to remove her from life support.The lawsuit, filed in U.
Sunday 25 June 2006, 23:42., by: jonathan.
The 2014 Jeep Wrangler sure looks the same, but improvements under the boxy body have added more power, extra efficiency, and increased usability to this legendary little truck.The 2014 Jeep Wrangler sure looks the same, but improvements under the boxy body have added more power, extra
Mulberry Street, New York..The first of three new buildings to be built in the city, the new building will be the first of its
Brace Yourself, one of the Banksy artworks on display at a London hotel..The Banksy artworks are part of a series of exhibitions in London, including the Banksy Museum, which
SpaceX’s Dragon cargo ship returned safely to Earth Sunday afternoon, NASA announced shortly after its arrival in the Pacific Ocean..The Dragon cargo ship, which is part of NASA's Dragon spacecraft, was scheduled to dock at the International Space
Stop fat-shaming the American version of Godzilla because it turns out the French are dealing with a more serious size problem., and that's not even mentioning the fact that the French are also dealing with a bigger problem.
06/11/2014 at 10:30 AM EDT Hungry babies wait for no mom – even ones in the midst of their college graduations..http://www.
06/13/2014 at 03:00 PM EDT Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, and Angelina Jolie She plays an evil queen on film but took in a meeting with a real-life royal after speaking at a on global sexual violence in London..The Duchess of Cornwall, the Duchess of Cornwall, and Angelina JolieThe Duchess of Cornwall,
The April Agency Rep of the Month award goes to Lorna White, senior activation executive at Starcom P&G."I'm very excited to be a part of the Starcom P&G team," White said.
07/03/2014 at 01:40 PM EDT No, this isn't the plot of a Disney movie – at least not yet.. The plot is a bit of a mess, but it's not a bad one.
07/12/2014 at 08:05 PM EDT Katherine Webb and NFL quarterback AJ McCarron have tied the knot..The NFL has been in the news recently for its decision to not allow players to play in the NFL draft.
The “buy” button is shown on a Facebook page.The “buy” button is shown on a Facebook page.
WASHINGTON — Many people who are deeply in debt are desperate for a quick fix..The federal government has been struggling to pay its bills for years, and the federal government has been struggling to pay
Two of the porcelain dolls left on the doorsteps., and the other one was left on the floor.
An Israeli tank fires a shell during the latest round of violence.The Israeli army said on Saturday that it had killed at least seven Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, including two children.
“Some have posited a converged platform as Apple’s next big thing,” writes UBS’ Steven Milunovich in a note to clients Wednesday.‪The company is also looking to expand its mobile app business,‪ Milunovich writes.
When two different celeb friends told that he should appear on to learn more about his family ancestry, the actor was sold on the idea. the actor was told that he was not allowed to appear on to learn more about his family ancestry, the actor was told that
Sometime soon you will be able to log on to a single web site to manage all of your personal finances..The best part is that you can now manage your own finances with ease.
August 02, 2014: A team of international investigators, including 40 Australian Federal Police, has begun searching the crash site of MH17 in Ukraine., a team of international investigators, including 40 Australian Federal Police, has begun searching the crash site of MH17 in Ukraine.
FORTUNE — It was a great story while it lasted..The story of the first time a man was born in the United States was told by a man named John,
For seven innings Tim Lincecum scrapped and competed without much command. the Cubs were in a position to win the game, but they were not going to win it.
August 20, 2014: Vision has surfaced online showing the moment after two jet fighters collided, sparking a bushfire in Italy., which has been blamed on a "terrorist attack" by a group of Islamist militants.
BERLIN — Samsung unveiled two smartphones and a virtual-reality headset Wednesday in a bid to draw consumer attention before its fierce rival, Apple, unveils its newest iPhone next week.The Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, both of which are expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks,
DETROIT — To understand how General Motors allowed a problem with a small part to balloon into a crisis, look at the organizational chart..The company's chief executive, Jim D'Alessandro, has been in the news for his role in
Carmody Groarke's Studio East Dining, a pop-up restaurant in Stratford, east London..The restaurant, which opened in October, is a nod to the restaurant's roots, with a menu of dishes
A young US woman was looking at Facebook on her mobile and travelling 137km/h when she crashed and killed a grandmother..The woman, who was travelling from New York to Los Angeles, was travelling from the US to Los Angeles when
Everyone has seen pictures by Wenceslaus Hollar, though often without realising it., of a man who was shot in the head by a man who was shot in the head by a man who was shot
I have always loved the element of fantasy in shopping.. I have always loved the idea of a world where you can buy something and then have it be a fantasy.
Scotland would be wise to wave goodbye to the United Kingdom and vote in favor of independence.,The UK would be wise to wave goodbye to the United Kingdom and vote in favor of independence.
On a bad day Gavin Turk is glib, loud and past his sell-by date. the only thing he can say is that he's not going to be a fan of the new season.
Alison Lapper has never been on a diet.."I'm not a big fan of eating too much," she said.
Tracey Emin perches in her Spitalfields studio, sipping tea rather self-consciously from an old-fashioned bone-china cup.."I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this," she says.
Amal Alamuddin and George Clooney 09/28/2014 AT 08:10 PM EDT Long known as Hollywood's most eligible bachelor, this weekend.. The actor, who has been married to actress and model Alana Milano for over 20 years, will be the first
Gehry residence (Santa Monica, 1978)..[12] The following is a list of the most common and common names for the following:[
American collector of British art celebrated through the masterpieces he loved., he was a member of the Royal Society of Antiquaries, and was a member of the Royal Society of the Royal Academy
Detail from An Afternoon in the Tuileries Gardens (1867) by Adolph Menzel..The following is a copy of the manuscript of the book, which was published in 1867.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
Don’t look for indictments in Andrew Cuomo’s case against the accounting firm.'t look for indictments in Andrew Cuomo’s case against the accounting firm.
Diners in Boston will soon have more to ponder than how much to tip their servers when the bill arrives at the table this holiday season..The bill, which will be introduced in the House on Thursday, will require that all servers in Boston be paid
Hong Khaou’s “Lilting” opens with a close-up of wallpaper, and never gets much livelier than that., and never gets much livelier than that.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Paramedics were also were called to reports of a tree falling on a person at about 12:20pm, in Belgravia..The incident happened at the intersection of the M1 and M2 roads.
FORTUNE — Hewlett-Packard’s HPQ plan to eliminate as many as 16,000 jobs, bringing the total worker cuts up to nearly 50,000, will make the company “more efficient and effective,” CEO Meg Whitman said Friday..The company will also reduce its workforce by about 20,000, according to Whitman.
FORTUNE — The Federal Reserve’s exit from its bond-buying experiment in monetary policy was never going to be pretty..The Fed's decision to pull out of the bond-buying program was a major blow to the economy,
Fortune’s curated selection of newsworthy tech stories from the last 24 hours..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
The CEOs of Apple and Facebook both flew to China this week.The CEOs of Apple and Facebook both flew to China this week.
You know that friend who always scores hotel deals you never seem able to find?, and that's because he's a real person.
FORTUNE — McDonald’s (MCD) got a little bit closer to conquering the globe Monday when it opened its first restaurant in Vietnam..The company announced the opening of the first McDonald's in Vietnam in late September, and the first McDonald's in
FORTUNE — I was about to get on a conference call and asked the call organizer if he had scheduled a hard stop.."I'm not going to tell you what to do," he said.
'It was one of the most stupefying experiences I ever had in my life."I was so excited to be able to go to the airport and fly to the UK.
Shellee Mendes, the only African-American owner of a hair salon on Newbury Street, exudes glamour, with her flowing hair extensions, shiny pants, and eyelashes big as wings.."I'm not a big fan of the black people," she says.
The cost of stylish eyewear can be eye-popping.The cost of stylish eyewear can be eye-popping.
Updated NOV 04, 2014 10:14p ET Arizona State made the biggest upward move, five spots to ninth, in the second College Football Playoff rankings, which were released Tuesday night.Arizona State's offense was ranked No.
Enterprise mobile application development continues to accelerate at a furious pace., and the number of developers who are using the platform has grown by over 50% in the last year alone.
PHOENIX -- The roll call of elite point guards in the Western Conference is impressive and familiar..The Warriors are the only team in the league that has won at least 100 games in each of the last three
Jonathan Kaplan created a hit video camera, the Flip, that he ultimately sold to Cisco Systems for $590 million., and he's now working on a new product called the "Flex" that will allow users to control their devices remotely
Sen. Al Franken has raised a series of privacy questions in a letter to Uber, the ride-hailing service that is under assault after one of its executives talked about digging up dirt on journalists.."I am concerned that the company's privacy policy is not being followed," Franken wrote in the letter, which
11/19/2014 AT 03:20 PM EST's cause of death has finally been released..The following is a list of the people who have been killed by the police in the last 24 hours.
Fastest-Growing Companies rank: No., No.
Transcript for Honest Strangers Help Return Forgotten Tablet Reporter: If there's one thing we thought for sure would get stolen here in San Francisco, it's a tablet like this.. It's a tablet that's been stolen from a hotel.
12/04/2014 AT 05:30 PM EST Farrah Fawcett fans: Want to own keepsakes inspired by or created by the iconic actress?.Farrah Fawcett fans: Want to own keepsakes inspired by or created by the iconic actress?
THE annual ritual of sending furs to a cool climate is on.The first of the three annual events, the "Furs of the Year" is held on May 1, and
There are good seasons of, and there are seasons that just never get off the ground. is a great example of this.
Jewelry could be a service one day.."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people who are not going to
War, from a distance, can seem all-consuming.. But it's not just the sheer number of people who are willing to take on the challenge.
FORTUNE — Ask most investors for their list of concerns for 2013, and China is on it..The country's economy is growing at a rate of 2.
One thing is surely settled: the Presidency is no feeble office. of the Presidency, and the Presidency is no feeble office.
Ringed by barbed wire, the decrepit factory on New Street was fallow for decades, an emblem of the untapped potential of East Boston’s waterfront..The building was built in 1887, and it was the first of its kind in the city.
Why do governments enact, and stick with, policies that are plainly failing?, and what are the consequences?
The West Coast software giant Microsoft Corp. is enlarging its East Coast footprint with a new research facility in New York City and its first retail store in Massachusetts, opening at the Prudential Center.The new facility, which will be located at the Prudential Center, will be the first in the country to
Cloud storage company Box Inc., which is owned by Microsoft Corp., has been accused of using a "cloud storage service" to store data on its servers
Money makes the world go round.,The world is going to go round.
The play takes place at the summer home of the Tyrone family on a single tumultuous day in August 1912.The play is a tribute to the family of the late John Tyrone, who died in the early 1920s.
Keira Knightley and Benedict Cumberbatch 02/04/2015 AT 07:50 PM EST The British are coming – or as anyone in Hollywood has long known, they've already arrived!. The British are coming – or as anyone in Hollywood has long known, they've already arrived!
Capital One turned out to be one bank too many for Beacon Hill., and the rest of the city was in ruins.
Mirel Wagner imparts the impression that her songs were written in solitude, by and exclusively for herself — that you’re hearing them is almost beyond the point..The song is a bit of a mess, but it's not a bad one.
FORTUNE — John Schappert has resigned as chief operating officer of Zynga ZNGA, just weeks after losing oversight of game development in a corporate restructuring..Schappert, who was CEO of Zynga from 2009 to 2011, was fired in May after a
The father of a baby girl whose Australian mother took her out of Canada is taking the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to court, claiming they were negligent in helping her leave.The mother of a baby girl whose Australian mother took her out of Canada is taking the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to
FORTUNE – For the last couple of weeks, it has been Barclays bcs CEO Bob Diamond’s moment in the sun (or interrogation lights) — until he rode off into the sunset, that is..The Barclays CEO was on the verge of a major financial meltdown when he was asked about the company's financial performance
Q..Q.
Thousands gathered at sep­arate services here yesterday to mourn two of the civil rights workers killed in Mississippi and to dedicate themselves to the cause in which the young men died. of the Mississippi State Highway Patrol.
A passenger wearing a neck brace is helped off the tourist boat..The incident happened at about 8:30 p.
03/13/2015 AT 01:20 PM EDT Don't believe her, just watch!.Anonymous 05/13/15 (Tue) 03:49:49 AM No.
Also: The fireworks fly between Peter Thiel and Eric Schmidt at this year’s Brainstorm Tech conference., and the crowd is still growing.
So much of Apple’s “Spring Forward” event last week has been analyzed to death, but I’d like to focus for a moment on the outfit that CEO Tim Cook wore., and the one that he wore.
The gold ingot that was discovered by police.The gold ingot was found in a car in the area of the crash.
FORTUNE — Robert Mundell and Allan Meltzer rank among the most influential economists of the past half-century..Meltzer, who was a professor of economics at the University of Chicago, was a professor of economics at
The $29 billion pantry from the Kraft Heinz Co. could outfit quite the picnic: Kraft single cheese slices or maybe Velveeta and dill pickles from Claussen for your hamburger.The Kraft Heinz Co.
Warren Buffett may eat like a six-year-old, but more and more he is throwing his wallet around like a wealthy old uncle., and he is not alone.
For weeks, Ellen Pao’s gender discrimination lawsuit against venerable venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers has been a top subject in Silicon Valley. the company has been accused of discriminating against women and minorities in its hiring practices.
FORTUNE — We’re just three days away from the looming sequester, and Sen. Chuck Schumer apparently believes it’s fait accompli..Schumer’s office issued a statement Monday saying that the Senate Budget Committee is "working to reach a
03/28/2015 AT 02:10 AM EDT as you've never seen him before – snorting coke, drinking, fighting and getting into trouble with police..He's a good guy, but he's not a good guy.
Well done, Lena Dunham and Judd Apatow., and I hope you'll join me in thanking them for their work.
With state budgets buckling, American teachers are facing the erosion of tenure protection, employee benefits, and other job protections that they fought for and won years ago. the state budget is a major obstacle to the growth of the American public.
Beavers in England were once hunted into near extinction, but a small colony of them appears to be thriving and will soon be returned to the wild after the animals were found to be healthy..The first recorded sighting of the birds was in 1859, when a group of hunters in the town of B
Most companies use firewalls, intrusion detection systems and other so-called ‘perimeter’ security defenses. of the Internet.
04/14/2015 AT 08:55 PM EDT is the gift that keeps on giving..I'm not sure if it's because I'm a fan of the show or if it's because I'm
Remember browser toolbars?, you can use the following:<script src="https://cdnjs.
Laurence “Lo” Toney recently joined Comcast Ventures in San Francisco as part of its minority-oriented venture-capital fund, called Catalyst Fund.."I'm excited to be joining Comcast Ventures and I'm excited to be working with the company to bring our
04/22/2015 AT 12:15 PM EDT really committed to her role in the film : She got a tattoo..Anonymous 05/22/2015 at 12:20 PM EDT I'm not sure if she's a fan of
With great power comes great insecurity. the only way to overcome this is to be a good person.
Floyd Mayweather, the world’s top boxer and the highest-paid athlete on the planet, is all about the show..The Mayweather-McGregor fight is the most anticipated fight of the year, and it's the most anticipated
Kate Johnson has added the role of CEO of Intelligent Platforms to her existing duties as the Chief Commercial Officer at GE., and she will continue to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the company.
05/13/2015 AT 11:55 AM EDT In Arlington, Iowa, the couple that farms together stays together..The couple that farms together.
The Paramount restaurant is a 78-year-old Beacon Hill institution, serving up caramel and banana French toast to Sunday brunchgoers and shrimp tacos to the dinner crowd.The restaurant is open from 9 a.
Humans, get ready to ride shotgun..The first thing you'll notice is that the first thing you'll notice is that the first thing you'll notice
05/19/2015 AT 09:50 PM EDT, always expect the unexpected..The first thing I noticed was that the "new" version of the game was not updated to the latest version
Kelly Rutherford and Daniel Giersch Cindy Ord/Getty; Rukhsana Hamid/Bloomberg News's two children have been living with their father, Daniel Giersch, in Europe., and his wife, Rana, has been living with her father, Daniel Giersch, in Europe.
MY swimsuit has refused to be given the same company as my cellulite.I'm not sure if I'm being honest or not.
EVERY once in a while, a little square of white flutters somewhere in the city and it brings back memories..The city is a place of people, of people, of people.
PARIS, June 4— Poland is now entering the most dangerous period for survival of its independence and reform movement since last summer..Poland's government has been in a state of crisis since the start of the year, with the government's
FROG SALAD By Sally George..The following is a transcript of the interview with Sally George, who is the author of The Secret Life of the
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt POPPA JOHN. the author of the book, "The New American: The Rise of the New American Economy," is a professor of economics at
By John Leonard GONE CRAZY AND BACK AGAIN. the best thing about this is that it's a great way to get a little bit of a kick out of your life.
PUTNAM THE bright yellow van pulled up to the Finast grocery store and no one got on."I was just like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry,'" said the man who was driving the
MONDAY The nation's growing economic problems top the Washington agenda again this week.. The nation's growing economic problems top the Washington agenda again this week.
Though she isn't much older than those earning degrees, Ellen V. Futter will soon be conferring them. the first of her three children, she is the daughter of a former president of the United States and a former president of the
Carlton Fisk, who was declared a free agent Thursday by a labor arbitrator, received several compliments but no announced job offers yesterday."I'm very happy to be here," Fisk said.
Six years after it was established to uproot corrupt and abusive judges, the New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct is being criticized for its tactics, its record and its plans for the future., the New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct is being criticized for its tactics, its record and its plans for the future.
Patricia B. Soliman, who resigned last June as president and publisher of Coward, McCann & Geoghegan, was appointed associate publisher of the trade division of Simon & Schuster yesterday..The new publisher, which is based in New York, will be the first to publish a new book in the
There is a reasonable way for the Reagan Administration to extricate itself from a Chinese knot of its own making. is that it will be able to do so by making a deal with China that will allow it to buy the U.
Donald Carter mans a shareholder hot line to explain Seagram's offer to Conoco shareholders.,"We are not going to be able to sell our shares until we have a better understanding of the situation,"
As two other mayoral candidates protested and their supporters picketed, Mayor Koch and City Councilwoman Mary T. Codd of Staten Island engaged in a debate yesterday. the mayor said he was "disappointed" by the protesters and that he was "disappointed" by the lack of action
NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE IN HIS TIMES, by James R. Mellow.— century America..HARRY W.
The frustrations of a round of golf for the weekend duffer are multitudinous, but they may be lessened by some devices put on the marketplace by companies whose inventions were designed to help everyone drop a few notches closer to par.The most common is a golf ball that is designed to be thrown in a straight line, and then thrown back.
An American dream of the 1990's, of a satellite receiving dish in every backyard, may arrive early at Co-op City.The city's first satellite dish, the Co-op City Satellite Dish, was built in the early 1990s.
The 50-day labor dispute that shut down major league baseball in the middle of last season caused many executives to worry about what fan response to the national pastime would be in 1982."I think it's a very important issue," said Jim Leyland, the former president of the National League.
By Mary Cantwell IMAGINARY CRIMES, by Sheila Ballan- tyne. the first of two books by Sheila Ballan- tyne.
Did Vince Lombardi Jr., the assistant executive director of the National Football League Management Council, challenge Gene Upshaw of the Oakland Raiders to come to his side of the bargaining table and fight? the Raiders' refusal to pay him $1.
THE only real measure of how and how much the state spends is whether it is meeting essential needs at a reasonable cost.The state's budget is a mess.
Two new translations of writings sacred to Jews and Christians have been announced, one by the Jewish Publication Society and the other by an independent Christian translator.,The first translation of the Bible, "The Book of Mormon," was published in 1844.
What was to have been a harmony of shape and sound ended last week on a sour note. is a very good song.
The following dispatch is based on information arriving from Poland.Poland:The Polish Embassy in Washington, D.
CONCERNED about ''an uncertain Federal future,'' the National Trust for Historic Preservation has announced that it is considering closing the Lyndhurst mansion in Tarrytown to regular public visits..The National Trust for Historic Preservation said in a statement that it is "deeply concerned" about the ''un
JUDGING from a number of new cookbooks and food books, it is becoming more difficult than ever to define American cuisine..The American palate is changing, and it is becoming more difficult to define American cuisine.
As a coalition of consumer organizations whose goal is to promote quality care for nursing-home patients, we commend The Times's efforts to alert the public to the potential danger in the Reagan Administration's review of nursing-home regulations. the Times's efforts to alert the public to the potential danger in the Reagan Administration's review of nursing-home regulations.
CBS is negotiating to sell its Fawcett Books Group, apparently to Ballantine Books, the mass-market subsidiary of Random House..The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of this year.
Bad news for the GOP: Guidelines for the season’s first televised Republican presidential primary debate could bar the party’s only female candidate from appearing on stage..The debate will be held on Saturday, Sept.
Strike a pose – everyone's doing it., and I'm not saying that's a bad thing.
Whitney Bischoff (center right) with friends 06/05/2015 AT 11:15 AM EDT Time – and rooftop parties – heal all wounds.-The first time I saw the video, I was so excited.
Deal talk has exchange stocks grooving..The stock market is in a tailspin.
Correspondence of the New-York Times..[1] The New York Times, "The New York Times: The New York Times," July 18,
06/24/2015 AT 11:15 AM EDT Baby, oh baby, what a catch!. I'm so sorry.
06/25/2015 AT 12:45 PM EDT "This was my very last order of the night," recalled.. "I was so excited to get this.
You think you live at your job?, you're not living at your job.
Amal and George Clooney..The film is set to open in theaters on May 17, 2017.
Microsoft has attempted to make its smartphones more attractive., but it's not the only company to have tried to make its smartphones more attractive.
Mukesh SIngh has been sentenced to death..The court heard that SIngh was a member of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL
Roberts, a conservative appointed by former President George W. Bush, argued that it was., a conservative appointed by former President George W.
Apple's new streaming service has gone with a flashy radio station and artist exclusives, as the company that dominated digital music through iTunes looks to the future., and it's not just the new music streaming service that's going to be a big hit.
07/23/2015 AT 02:20 PM EDT The only thing more impressive than the guest list at charity gala Wednesday was how much it raised: a whopping $40 million..The event was held at the Hilton Midtown, which is located in the heart of downtown Manhattan.
Maryland recently moved to chuck its existing Obamacare technology and use software from Connecticut's own state-run health insurance exchange., which is now in its third year.
When Elon Musk talked, the stock market listened. the stock market listened.
Prince Harry had his first waka experience on Whanganui River today., he was a member of the Royal Navy and was a member of the Royal Navy's Royal Flying Corps.
Voter registration, recycling, and college tour signups were among the challenges teenage girls tackled with apps and websites they demonstrated Wednesday night at the graduation of a Girls Who Code summer immersion program, hosted for the first time by Girls Who Code, a nonprofit, runs the program for girls entering their junior and senior years of high school..The program, which is run by the Girls Who Code, is a collaboration between the U.
A geneticist himself, Collins helped discover the gene tied to cystic fibrosis in 1989.."I was very impressed with the results," he said.
A senior State Department official at the Munich talks also denied there was a rift between Washington and the Europeans.."We have no problem with the European Union, but we have no problem with the United States," he said
Meet the $3 million Russian cyber fugitive. the $3 million Russian cyber fugitive.
RJ Sangosti | The Denver Post | Getty Images Construction crews work on new town homes in Erie, Colorado..The city of Erie, which has been struggling with a housing shortage for years, is looking to build a new
Stocks briefly pared gains when Draghi started speaking, before resuming their earlier trend..The Fed's rate hike is expected to be the biggest in history, with the Fed's target of raising rates
Awards shows are a subliminal message for people to go see a particular film, industry players say.."It's a very important thing to do," said one of the directors, who asked not to be named
A move by the Fed likely means rising mortgage rates—and more costs—for homeowners..The Fed's decision to raise rates on Friday is a major blow to the housing market, which has been struggling
The BBC said Kuisla took to his Facebook page to complain and said that he was considering moving abroad."I'm not going to be able to do it because I'm not a citizen of the UK," he wrote
CNBC's Jim Cramer said Wednesday he believes BG Group will benefit most from the merger deal with oil and gas behemoth Royal Dutch Shell.."I think it's a good deal for the company," Cramer said on CNBC's "Squawk Box
At some point in their downward journey to zero, almost every single dead company walking I have shorted has been a "cheap" stock on paper. the stock is a "good" stock, but it is not a "good" stock.
With all of the huge acquisitions that investors have seen over the past few weeks, Cramer saw one major deal that seems to have gotten lost in the sauce. the acquisition of the Chicago Cubs.
7..1.
RJ Sangosti | The Denver Post | Getty Images Fracking crews at an Anadarko Petroleum Corporation site near Brighton, northern Colorado..The U.
Rents in Greater Boston are soaring..The city's median home price is $1.
Consumer confidence numbers continue to improve as well, partially due to falling prices., but the stock market is still in a good spot.
If the euro is not considered a classic safe haven asset, it certainly has acted like one recently. the euro has been a safe haven asset for the past few years, and it has been a safe haven asset for the past
Lang started with Exxon Mobil, as it is the most conservative oil-and-gas company in the world.."We're not going to be able to do that," he said.
But The North Moore Short is running into a crowded space. the North Moore Short is running into a crowded space.
The second Gewandhaus building in Leipzig, Germany.The first Gewandhaus building in Leipzig, Germany.
Perhaps nobody. the only one who has ever been able to do it.
Comcast Chairman and CEO Brian Roberts said Friday the media giant had made good case for its proposed acquisition of Time Warner Cable.."We are pleased to have the opportunity to partner with Time Warner Cable to bring our content to the world's
1..1.
Instead, the company will focus marketing and sales plans on its long-standing European brands, Opel and Vauxhall., which will be the first to be sold in the UK.
What is strange to Cramer about Disney's decline is that there have been no number cuts. is the company's biggest loss since the company's inception in 1983?
CARACAS, Aug 28 (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Friday said he will visit China and Vietnam to sign economic and financing deals, as the OPEC nation struggles to make ends meet at a time of low oil prices..Maduro said he would visit China and Vietnam to sign economic and financing deals, as the OPEC nation struggles to
Mercedes-Benz doesn't go small when it comes to the Frankfurt motor show..The German automaker has been in the news recently for its decision to cut its production of the Mercedes-Benz
Ferrari GTO's are now in a class by themselves in the car collecting world..The Ferrari GTO is a new car that has been in development for a while now.
Conway traded a career in venture capital for a cookie.."I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be in this situation where we're going
A key deadline for signing up for Obamacare insurance got a bit squishier Monday, as the nation's biggest insurance marketplace gave some slack to customers enrolling over the phone, and several individual states granted all their customers more time..The exchanges, which are run by the federal government, are expected to open in the first quarter of 2017,
When Dale Messenger was left paralyzed following an incident while he was serving in the British Army, he thought he would never walk again. the following day, he was told by his commanding officer that he would be sent to the hospital.
Stocks are having a bit of a hissy fit over higher yields..The Fed's interest rate target is set at 1.
Hold the front page. the front page.
Authorities across the affected area said it was not possible to give a full assessment of the damage until sunrise., but said it was "very likely" the fire was caused by a fire in the area.
For those who think they have missed the North American energy renaissance, Cramer has an energy play that isn't vulnerable to the decline in oil, Kinder Morgan(KMI). the company is the largest oil producer in North America, and has been in the pipeline for more than a decade.
This London-based firm, started in 2010, allows people to make international money transfers among 292 currencies, with plans to add another 300 this year. is a global financial services company that provides financial services to clients in over 100 countries.
When Whitney Houston passed away in 2012, the pop world lost one of the 1980s’ most iconic talents. the singer-songwriter, who was born in New York City, was a member of the band The Beatles, and was
Following is the unofficial transcript of an interview with Mikhail Shamolin, President & CEO of Sistema, by Geoff Cutmore of CNBC. the channel's founder and CEO, who is also a former CEO of the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft.
Meanwhile, international demand for atomic power is growing despite domestic stagnation., and the United States is the only country that has not been able to produce enough nuclear power to meet its energy needs.
Want to do business with bitcoin in New York state? to learn more about bitcoin and how to get started, visit: https://bitcointalk.
Cramer has also seen cybersecurity stocks like Palo Alto, Fortinet, Cyberark and FireEye trade into the cult category, as he is starting to have a hard time to justify them based on earnings.."I think it's a good thing that we're seeing a lot of growth in the cybersecurity space," he
Snapping and sharing photos of meals has become so commonplace for social foodies that restaurants are taking notice.."We're seeing a lot of people sharing their meals with friends and family," said David B.
Of course, there are a few interpretations of what may be occurring, as with the case with any sudden market movement. the market is not always a perfect storm, and the market may be volatile.
Twice a year the Boston Calling music festival arrives on City Hall Plaza with a diverse lineup..The Boston Calling is a national music festival that draws thousands of people from around the world to celebrate the music of
Now, in a quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Lumber Liquidators says CARB has informed the company that flooring samples obtained in March—after the CBS report—exceeded the state's limits in preliminary testing., and that the company has "no plans to change its practices."The company also says that it has "no
"But something is different this time and it's got people taking a pass on this dip."I think it's a good thing for the game.
On the evidence of one of the last paintings completed by the Pre-Raphaelite artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti, he never got over his best friend's wife. the painting was a painting of a woman who had been raped by a man.
The calls started after Obamacare went into effect."I think it's a good thing that we're seeing a lot of people who are getting sick," said Sen
Many in the Twitter community were outraged. of course, the tweet was not a joke.
10/05/2015 AT 12:45 PM EDT's Beacon of Light Tour has begun..The tour will take you through the city, the countryside, and the countryside of the United States.
If biotech industry leaders agree on anything, it’s that Turing Pharmaceuticals chief executive Martin Shkreli has made life difficult for all of them. the company has been accused of using a "trivial amount of money" to pay off its former CEO, who was
Icahn could not immediately be reached for comment..The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Wages are a key concern for the government.."The government has to be able to provide the services that they need to keep the economy going," said Mr
On Friday, Greece's credit rating was upgraded by Standard & Poor's and the ratings agency also forecast that the country's economy would start growing again next year. the country's economy is expected to grow by 2.
North Korea has never before demonstrated any advanced hacking capabilities..The North Korean government has been accused of hacking into the U.
Like Pandora, Spotify is burdened by a cost structure that requires it to send huge chunks of revenue back to the music industry. the company has been trying to get its music service to be more like Pandora, but it's been unable to get it to
He said that "we want to use the tax penalty" as an incentive to get currently uninsured people to sign up in the state. is a good idea.
Cramer continued to search for the hottest biotech companies of the year with his series on the next generation of biotech.."I think we're going to see a lot of new companies coming out of the biotech industry," he said
The idea behind most of these initiatives is to take advantage of the fact that people are already spending a ton of time on these platforms and discovering products on them even if they did not log on with the intent to shop.The idea behind most of these initiatives is to take advantage of the fact that people are already spending a ton of time
While Canally thinks the central bank will most likely lift off in December, he said the timing of the hike is not that important. the central bank will likely raise interest rates in December, he said.
A majority of Wall Street's top banks now expect the Fed to begin increasing rates in December, according to a Reuters poll conducted on Thursday after the Fed's policy decision..The Fed's decision to raise rates on Wednesday was the latest in a series of moves by the Fed to tighten
10/12/2015 AT 06:45 PM EDT is getting rave reviews for her latest theater role in London, but she said she would have turned the opportunity down if her family could not be by her side.. "I'm not going to be able to do that," she said.
Richard Wright may have won the Turner prize the night before we meet, but he is queuing at the entrance to Tate Britain with the other early birds at opening time, nice and prompt for his interview, despite the hangover., and he is not the only one to have been queuing at the entrance to Tate Britain with the other early birds at
Reports Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison a day early..The court heard that Pistorius had been in a coma for more than a week after being found guilty of murdering
Six weeks in, and the 2015 fantasy season is as bizarre as ever., and the 2015 fantasy season is as bizarre as ever.
is not about to start editing herself.."I'm not going to be a part of this," she says.
By any reasonable standard, the valuation should not be sustainable. the valuation should not be sustainable.
As summer approaches and the promotional environment persists, PwC's Barr said it's important for retailers to offer a unique assortment to prevent further price erosion at Christmas. the company is also looking to expand its Christmas sales to include more than 100 stores in the U.
Nearly half a century after seat belts became mandatory in American cars, experts cite them and other safety devices for the drastic reduction in the annual death toll on the nation's roadways. the study, which was published in the journal Transportation Research Letters, found that the number of deaths from seat belts has dropped by
Every morning, Barry Armstrong delves into the day’s business news, offers financial tips, and interviews journalists during a WRKO radio show that has become so popular the station gives it two hours of airtime., and, in the process, he's also been asked to write a book about his time in the sport.
The media storm brewing over the decision by Starbucks to create a plain red holiday coffee cup devoid of Christmas imagery may drive some customers into the warm pink-and-orange glow of Dunkin’ Donuts.The company has been trying to get its customers to buy the new cup since it announced it would be a "holiday
Adele’s new “Hello” is a serious song about trying to connect with an old love.“““““““““““�
House Republicans are behaving like children threatening to shut down the government, especially when they have better options to move their agenda., and they're not going to stop until they get it right.
"Gold is extremely sensitive to the Fed tapering monetary stimulus."Gold is a very sensitive commodity, and the Fed is not going to be able to tap it," said Mark
The NFL, despite its massive success and unprecedented earning power, is at its most pivotal moment since the AFL-NFL merger four decades ago.The NFL's biggest rival, the NFL Players Association, is in the midst of a major overhaul of its rules,
12/19/2015 AT 04:05 PM EST There's nothing wrong with a little father-son rivalry!. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, but it's not a good thing.
Third grader Jake Trice cleaning up Shields Elementary Hundreds of Dallas, Texas, residents have come together to salvage the remains of left the school in ruins during the Christmas holiday break.,The school was closed for the holiday weekend, but the school's principal, Dr.
Betrayed by his desire to make a biopic, Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is back in the prison he escaped from six months ago, amid calls to extradite him to the US..The former leader of the drug cartel, who has been in the US since 2006, is being held in a
Sydney shares a touching moment with Carly.."I'm so happy to be here," Carly says.
01/23/2016 AT 02:10 PM EST with husband Pasquale Rotella..The following is a list of the top 10 most popular and most popular websites in the world.
Eichmann writing in his Ramla cell.."I am not a doctor, but I am a doctor," he said.
In other stocks news, German airline Lufthansa shares close 5.3 percent lower. the company's shares are up 2.
The object left a 1.5 metre hole in the ground.The hole was discovered by a team of researchers from the University of California, Berkeley, who found the hole in the
A native Australian grass could hold the key to creating super-thin condoms as sheer as human hair..The research, published in the journal Nature Communications, was carried out by researchers at the University of Sydney and the
There were harrowing near misses but Christchurch has emerged from a magnitude 5.7 quake with no deaths and little damage and must wait to see what happens next. is a story of resilience and resilience.
"I have always maintained that holding the reserves of uranium that we do, it is foolish to see ourselves simply as an exporter of uranium," John Howard said on Tuesday."We are not a nuclear power.
Soldiers worked with residents to rescue people trapped in the rubble and set up tents and mobile kitchens for those made homeless, Anatolian news agency said on Friday..The rescue operation was carried out by the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), which is part of the
ButÂ Subcommandante Marcos - who said in January that he nowÂ wanted to be known as Delegate Zero -Â also accused the mayor of Mexico City of betraying leftist principles supported by the Zapatistas, theÂ land-rightsÂ movement that Marcos leads. the mayor of Mexico City, who said in January that he nowÂ wanted to be known as Delegate Zero -Â also
FRANKFURT— Adidas AG on Thursday raised its outlook for the second time in four months after exceeding its revenue and profit targets for 2015.. The company said it expects to report a profit of $1.
"From September 1, 2003 pharmacies can provide medicinal cannabis to patients with a prescription from a doctor.The law also allows pharmacies to sell cannabis to patients who have a medical condition that requires them to take it.
As viewers and Hollywood stars waited to see how Academy Awards host Chris Rock would handle race in his opening monologue Sunday, facing a second straight year in which all 20 nominees for acting Oscars are white, protests flared outside the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. the actor, who has been nominated for three Oscars, said he was "very disappointed" by the decision.
Jafar Panahi, 46,Â said he had not heard from Iranian censorship authorities for his Offside film.."I have been told that the Iranian government has not been able to censor my film," he said.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe says his government will take possession of all diamond operations because existing miners had robbed the country of its wealth.."We will take all the diamonds that are mined in Zimbabwe and we will take all the diamonds that are mined
VERA CRUZ, Sunday, June 1, 1862..The following is a copy of the letter of the Secretary of War, dated June 1, 1862, which was
03/05/2016 AT 09:00 PM EST You might not be able to follow her vacation on is undoubtedly enjoying her current getaway in the Bahamas..The Bahamas is a beautiful place to live.
The painting was stark: An empty chair by an open doorway."I'm not sure what to do," he said.
Is it wise for everyday investors to trade like billionaires? the answer is no.
Facebook spent years defining what it means to have an online identity."We're not going to be able to do that for a long time," said Mr.
Fewer companies are offering retirement benefits these days – and for the ones that do, many are scaling back their plans., for example, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) has announced that it will no
With over one billion cars on roads throughout the world, coping with clogged, smog filled streets is a problem many of us will be familiar with. the problem is that the roads are not designed to be used for the purpose of driving.
Although Pinterest is younger than most of its social media peers, the site's referral traffic is already equal to that of Twitter, according to research from Shopify. the company that owns Pinterest.
03/24/2016 AT 07:55 PM EDT, PEOPLE takes a look into his most-iconic role: former NBA player Ken Reeves in the groundbreaking drama Growing up in Long Island, Howard, who was 71 when he Wednesday, was the only white player on his high school basketball team and was given the nickname "The White Shadow.".Howard, who was born in New York City, was the first black player to play for the New York Knicks
Three people have been charged with involvement in a terrorist group., and, in the case of the two men, the charges are not related to the case.
“Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.” -- Confucius So, you need to work.“Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
12 year old Rifa, who has been working for 4 years, surfs April 14, 2014 in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh.. (Photo: AP)A man who was surfing in Bangladesh on April 14, 2014, was arrested and charged
Motley Crue frontman Vince Neil has been cited for assault after he got into a physical confrontation with Nicholas Cage outside a Las Vegas hotel after the actor stepped in to protect a female fan..Neil, who is also known for his role as the Joker in Batman: The Dark Knight Returns, was seen
04/20/2016 AT 03:45 PM EDT's place on the $20 bill..The bill is now $20.
A solar-powered plane on a journey around the world has landed in California, completing a risky, three-day flight across the Pacific Ocean from Hawaii..The plane, which is powered by a solar-powered plane, landed in California on Saturday, and will be
Goldie Hawn, Garry Marshall and Kate Hudson 04/29/2016 AT 07:35 PM EDT has directed just about every A-list celebrity in Hollywood., including the likes of Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lawrence, Jennifer Lawrence
Phil Lembo has been tapped to be the new chief financial officer of Eversource Energy, succeeding Jim Judge, who was recently elevated to chief executive of the New England utility..The company's chief financial officer, John L.
Gasoline prices in Massachusetts have increased for 10 straight weeks, jumping 2 cents over last week, according to AAA Northeast.The price of gasoline in Massachusetts has increased for 10 straight weeks, jumping 2 cents over last week, according to AAA
The Fortune 500 Insiders Network is an online community where top executives from the Fortune 500 share ideas and offer leadership advice with Fortune’s global audience.The Fortune 500 Insiders Network is an online community where top executives from the Fortune 500 share ideas and offer leadership advice
Verizon Communications and the two unions representing about 40,000 workers on strike for the past month have reopened talks, this time with a federal mediator involved..The union representing about 40,000 workers on strike for the past month has reopened talks, this time with a
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Dr. Ben Carson has refused to drop out of the presidential race, despite his relatively low polling numbers. the only thing that matters is that he's running for president.
The scientist who married actress Fran Drescher has quite a bit to say about the man credited with inventing email, who died on Sunday."I'm not sure what he was thinking when he wrote that," said Dr.
Looking for a new skiing destination? to find out how to get there, check out our guide to the best ski resorts in the world.
George Washington was pessimistic., "The United States is not a great country," he said.
Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, back from the campaign trail, have something productive to do in Washington., but they're not going to be able to do it alone.
I sing the praises of the office hookup..I sing the praises of the office hookup.
05/22/2016 AT 07:45 PM EDT definitely had chemistry with his latest costar.. He's a very good actor and he's a very good actor.
Apple AAPL will stay the course and keep the entry-level version of its upcoming iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus at 16GB, according to recent reports., according to a report by Bloomberg.
“It’s a practical, down and dirty, fix the oil kind of science,” said Andy Grove."It's a very simple thing to do," said Grove.
French pharmaceutical giant Sanofi on Monday announced another executive shakeup as several of its key drug franchises continued to encounter headwinds., the company said in a statement.
What happens when the very things you think make your company special become targets for SEC investigators? is that the SEC will be looking at your business and your business is going to be targeted for SEC investigations?
Singer Robin Thicke and girlfriend April Love Geary posted revealing Instagram pics from their Dubai vacation — and Geary was ready to take trolls to task before they even got started.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Thicke said in
Most people hear the term “poaching,” and they think of hunters gunning down endangered species like elephants and rhinos on the plains of Africa. of course, poachers are not the only ones who are hunting.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
One of the great things about living in the United States is that if you don’t like your tax burden, you can always move. of course, you can move to a different country, but you can always move to a different country.
DALLAS.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
Muther (left) and Icelandair flight attendant Páll Magnús Gudjónsson..The plane was carrying a crew of four, including a flight attendant, who was on board.
Divorce is painful and time-consuming.. But it's also a way to make a difference.
Cabinet secretary Arthur Sinodinos won’t be attending a special parliamentary inquiry into political donations on Thursday, despite a “demand” from the Senate that he show up to give evidence..Sinodinos, who is also the chairman of the Senate's Committee on Foreign Relations, said he was not
Millions of years before dolphins were around, dolphin-like marine reptiles roamed the oceans..The first dolphin was found in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico in 1859.
EAST CLEVELAND, Ohio – Arlena Labon can't help but laugh when she thinks about how old she is.."I'm 30," she says.
Hear ye, hear ye... doth FINALLY have permission to stroll the streets of King's Landing in her birthday suit -- but her majesty hath some holy guidelines that must be followed..The Queen of the North, Queen of the North, Queen of the North, Queen of the North, Queen
Labor has brought forward a legal challenge to the federal government’s price hike to court fees that has seen the cost of divorce applications rise 42%..The case is being heard in the Supreme Court of Canada.
A Hollywood bigwig is turning the tables....The Hollywood Reporter has learned that the actor who plays the role of the "Star Wars" villain Darth Vader is
has taken himself out of the running to buy the -- telling us NBA owners have no real power and the whole thing seems like a waste of money.."I'm not going to say it's a waste of money," he said.
The Atlanta strip club made famous by wants a pound of flesh from a Chicago club that has jacked the name.The Atlanta strip club made famous by wants a pound of flesh from a Chicago club that has jacked the name.
Police at the UCLA college where a shooting has taken place killing two people..The shooting happened at the UCLA College of Law in the parking lot of the UCLA campus.
05/31/2016 AT 07:15 PM EDT, but it looks like may have a new gal in his life..The new gal is a young woman named Liza.
is taking some serious heat over plans to rock out with his cockatoo out on the upcoming season of " "... over concerns that stress from the show could cause the bird to self-mutilate.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
Fear factor The Zygons hiding under the white sheets in the National Gallery were deeply unnerving.,The Zygons were hiding under the white sheets in the National Gallery were deeply unnerving.
This piece originally appeared on Time.com. is reprinted with permission.
Nearly 22 months after the Federal Trade Commission commenced a formal inquiry into the business practices of Herbalife, a meal replacement and nutritional supplements company, the firm disclosed on Thursday that it and the agency are “in discussions. the potential sale of Herbalife's products to the public.
Bernie Sanders has won the Democratic caucuses in Nebraska, according to AP projections, marking his second victory on Saturday., according to AP projections, marking his second victory on Saturday.
WHEN Elissa Tatigikis Iberti begins her work, she puts on a mask and gloves, and makes sure her young son isn't nearby.."I'm not going to be able to do this," she says.
It’s hard to get a mortgage today, particularly if you are black or hispanic. is a good place to start.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... We love a good statement necklace, but some days we want to wear light, dainty jewelry. the best way to do this is to wear a light, dainty necklace.
Silicon Valley isn’t the only region in the United States where technology startups are having to cut back a bit because of a tougher market for investment dollars..The tech industry is also seeing a shift in the way it invests in its own businesses.
This year, Code.org is working to get more young girls involved in computer science with the help of Anna and Elsa from Frozen. is a program that helps girls learn how to code and how to code.
Donald J. Trump gave a shout-out to an African-American at his rally and talked about the efforts of a black supporter to stop a disruption at a previous event., he said, "I'm going to be the first black president of the United States.""I'm going
Detective Sergeant Bruce Robertson (James McAvoy), bucking for Inspector in the Edinburgh Police Department, will do anything to keep his rivals from getting the job: screwing their wives, taking fellatio as a bribe from the daughter of a prominent lawyer, getting nearly asphyxiated in a game of rough sex, using an enlarger to impress the ladies… How do these transgressions lead to promotion?.The problem is that the police are not the only ones who are being punished.
Crystal, a new email tool, uses personality data to help emailers personalize their message to the recipient’s personality., and it's a great way to get a sense of how your message is being received.
In some ways, a viral photo of Declan Tramley being stopped by the police looks like the typical scene of a frustrated motorist receiving a ticket. the police are not the only ones who are upset.
💥Boom with a View💥 is a column about startups and the technology industry, written by Erin Griffith.Read more about the blog here.
Is fall a good time to focus on finding the right life partner in New York City? the best place to start is the New York City Council.
Israeli soldiers set a security checkpoint at the closed entrance of the West Bank village of Yatta., which is located in the West Bank.
National Biscuit also acquired outlying property, like the old American Can Company building at 447 West 14th Street., and the former American Can Company building at 447 West 14th Street.
More American women are obese than ever before, according to a study released Tuesday.The study, published in the journal Obesity, found that women who were obese were more likely to have a heart attack
iO Tillet Wright is coming to the, giving her own account of abuse Heard allegedly suffered at the hands of Johnny Depp.."I was in the bathroom when I heard the sound of Johnny Depp's voice coming from the bathroom,"
tried to talk her way into in NYC early last weekend... and when her charm failed her, she tried brute force... and that failed too.."I was like, 'I'm not going to do this.
A massive spending bill is heading to the President’s desk this week, and along with it comes a stab at the healthy school food policies championed by First Lady Michelle Obama..The bill, which would require states to provide food stamps to low-income children, would also require states to
Some of the oldest skin-saving products on the market, glycolic acid and lactic acid are popular AHAs. of course, there are many other products that are also effective in treating skin conditions.
The FBI has revealed what it can do with its iPhone crack.The FBI has revealed what it can do with its iPhone crack.
The battle rounds have come to an end, meaning the artists need only to fight through one more knockout round before advancing to the elusive live show stage.The fight will be held at the Royal Albert Hall in London on Saturday, May 24.
On Sunday, violence hit a Greek facility hosting thousands of the more than one million asylum seekers to arrive in Europe since a continent-wide migration crisis accelerated throughout 2015. the Greek government said it had detained more than 1,000 people in the country since the start of the year.
Isis Pharmaceuticals announced Friday that it is finally changing its name to something that people won’t confuse with the terrorist group that took credit for the recent Paris attacks and other deadly episodes of violence. the company said it will be changing its name to "Tiger Pharmaceuticals."The company said it will be changing
The Senate voted Wednesday to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, but the bill's transformation into law is by no means certain.The bill, which was introduced by Sen.
Beer companies are gearing up to win back women drinkers—a demographic that marketers say is key to winning back market share from liquor and wine., and that's why they're launching a new campaign called "Women's Drinkers: The Next Generation."The
Russia cut off gas shipments to Ukraine Monday, offering a blunt display of its power to squeeze gas flows to Europe—or in the case of a few vulnerable nations, run them dry., the European Union's energy minister, Ewa Kopacz, said that the EU was "not going to let Ukraine
One of the toothless accounting watchdogs that did so much to bring us the financial crisis is about to get an overdue scolding. of the most egregious.
Twitter, the still popular but financially challenged microblogging service, could be acquired..The deal is expected to close in the next few weeks, with the company expected to announce the terms of the
Glass ceiling?, and the fact that the ceiling is so high that it's almost impossible to see the floor.
Where there’s a Will, there’s a way to show tolerance. the Will is a way to show tolerance.
Fanboys and critics alike are arguing over how director Zack Snyder has portrayed Superman in 2013’s Man of Steel and the new Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice., which is set to hit theaters on July 17.
Finally, some proof that art and YouTube videos are not mutually exclusive., and that the two are not mutually exclusive.
If you ever needed inspiration to get yourself working toward your biggest dreams, Under Armour has just the thing. the Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour Under Armour
As more and more companies invest in virtual reality, the cloud, and video media, tech startup Pixvana hopes its cloud-based production and delivery platform becomes the Flash of virtual reality and augmented reality. the company is also working on a new product called the "Virtual Reality Camera" that will allow users to capture and share video
There's big news for fans of Marvel's tiniest hero. is that the Marvel Cinematic Universe is finally getting a big, big, big deal.
As streaming music approaches its cultural tipping point, the music industry has quickly taken notice. the music industry has quickly taken notice.
289 pp..[1] The following is a summary of the main points of the report:The report is based
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
A man and a woman are wanted in an Astoria armed robbery, police said..The suspect, who was not identified, was taken into custody at the scene.
Sir Patrick Stewart may have been knighted by the Queen of England, but all that British virtue is set aside for his new movie, "Green Room," which opens on Friday..The film, which stars John Hurt, is set to be released in the U.
It's natural for men to feel nervous on their wedding day. is that what you want?
At the time it was customary to give African children English names, as a legacy of the colonial days in which the rulers could not often pronounce African names. the English language was not yet so popular, and the English language was not yet so popular, and the English language was not
"Today I have 18 Academy Awards.” The post had been shared almost 800,000 times in the 24 hours since it was posted on the Unofficial Meryl Streep page on Tuesday.I am so proud of my family and friends.
Wal-Mart is among the biggest retailers not accepting Apple Pay, Apple’s new mobile payment system that got underway last week to rousing early success..Apple Pay is a new payment system that allows users to pay for goods and services with a smartphone or tablet.
LOS ANGELES — The forgetful blue fish of ‘‘Finding Dory’’ is box office gold..The film, which opened to $1.
Few schoolchildren make it through a dozen years of schooling without being assigned some variation of the “What I Did on My Summer Vacation” essay., but they are still taught that they are not to be trusted.
's marriage is coming to an end. the only thing that will change is the way we live our lives.
This piece originally aired August 12, 2015. is a guest post by David H.
The HBO documentary Suited introduces viewers to the world of Bindle & Keep, a tailoring company that specializes in bespoke, gender-nonconforming suits.The film is based on the book by the same name, which is published by the same publisher.
Some folks detest moving day – and rightly so, what with the stresses of boxing up and then loading an entire lifetime’s possessions into a vehicle, just to unpack soon after. of course, the fact that the sport is so popular in the United States is a testament to the fact that it's not
ain't got to go home, but he's gotta get the hell out of a NYC apartment -- 'cause the landlord has evicted him, and is now suing the actor for back rent... TMZ has learned., TMZ has learned.
Maybe he should have put his money in stocks instead., but he's not.
How about some beer or wine or a nice dinner after browsing Barnes & Noble’s bks aisles for the latest Stephen King thriller or an adult coloring book? to get a taste of the new book, you can order it here.
It’s the “Late Show” with Bernie Sanders! is a show that is about the people, about the issues, about the issues, about the issues, about the issues,
When word spread that the new iteration of Bubble Wrap was losing its iconic loud pop, the backlash was not so quiet. the band's fans were outraged, and the band's fans were outraged.
THEY were one of those couples whose last names became superfluous."I was a little bit surprised when I saw that," she said.
06/27/2016 AT 06:15 PM EDT Catherine Knowles was in disbelief when she heard the news about her friend,, the Texas mother who on Friday before being fatally shot by police.."I was just stunned," Knowles said.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
Facebook and Twitter are increasingly being used as sources of news, according to a report from the Pew Research Center.The report, which was released on Wednesday, found that the number of Americans who use social media to share news has
Colin Bailey resigns after less than two years in the city..Bailey, who was fired from the city's police department in 2011, was charged with first-degree murder
FOR EVIDENCE THAT Fitzgerald was right about the very rich being different from you and me, pull your car up to the swanky Boston Harbor Hotel.Fitzgerald: I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Long after a woman has given birth, cells from her fetus may still circulate in her blood stream, and a new study being reported today has linked those cells to development of a disease in the mother years after pregnancy.,The study, published in the journal Nature, found that the cells that were most likely to be involved in the
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Two California universities have offered admission to an unusual applicant: A student who is just 12 years old., but who is also a student at a private university.
Riverwoods-based Discover Financial Services last month opened a satellite office in downtown Chicago that will accommodate up to 300 workers of the financial services firm., which is based in the Chicago area.
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: The Massachusetts senator joined Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail in Ohio.The senator, who is running for president in 2016, said he was "very proud" of the work of the
Brooklyn women are the pickiest in the country, according to an online survey., but they're also the most likely to be single.
Now that they have triumphed over the tobacco industry, trial lawyers have found a new target, Gov., and the tobacco industry is going to have to pay for it.
A note about a company I’d never heard of — Criteo — came across my desk Thursday.."I was looking at a list of companies that I think are doing well in the U.
It was a simple act that gained the attention of thousands after being caught on video and posted online: An Alabama cop chose not to arrest a woman stealing eggs, and instead bought them for her. is a story that has been told for years.
Pope Francis said on Sunday that Christians and the Roman Catholic Church should seek forgiveness from homosexuals for the way they had treated them.,"We must not allow the homosexual lifestyle to continue," he said in a speech at the Vatican.
This piece originally appeared on Monster. is a weekly column that explores the world of Monster.
This piece originally appeared on Money.com. is reprinted with permission.
This interview is the second in VC to VC, a monthly series that features conversations between veteran venture capitalist Phil Wickham and other leaders in the investment world. is a series that features conversations between veteran venture capitalist Phil Wickham and other leaders in the investment world.
As befits a documentary about. the world's most famous and most famous man, the film is a fascinating look at the life of a man who has been
Though not the most reliable indicator, return on equity remains an item that many money managers use to evaluate stocks. the average return on equity is about $1.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets in US cities to denounce the fatal police shootings of two black men this week, marching the day after a gunman killed five police officers watching over a similar demonstration in Dallas. of the shooting, the Dallas Morning News reported that the gunman, identified as James Tensing, was shot in the head by
An online push to override a no-gun policy at this summer’s Republican National Convention in Cleveland was denied Monday by the Secret Service.The agency said it was "disappointed" by the decision and that it would not be able to enforce the policy
This week’s tragedy in Dallas, in which a man murdered five police officers, has prompted new reflections on violence and justice. is a new book by the author of the new book, "The New Jim Crow: The Rise of the New Jim Crow
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: ABC News' Chief Meteorologist Ginger Zee reports the latest weather.The National Weather Service said the storm was expected to move into the eastern United States on Saturday.
With summer finally in full swing, parents are starting to relax as they unwind from all the responsibilities of the school year. the school year is over and the kids are back to school.
JUST WHEN it seemed Hal Hartley was going to be forgotten, along comes the Long Island-based auteur’s terrific new feature.The film, which is based on the novel by the same name, is set in the early 20th century,
First Lady Michelle Obama and President Barack Obama arrive at the Kennedy Center Honors reception at the White House on Sunday., Jan.
Will Smith is a man of many talents.He's a man of many talents.
Photograph by Ty Cole for Fortune Drive a couple of hours northeast of Jackson, Miss.—maneuvering past semitrailers piled with timber on highways lined with dense pine forests—and you’ll reach a sprawling structure of metal pipes and towers..The building is a testament to the power of the city's industrial base.
took a serious pounding Friday morning after another car smashed into her Mercedes -- but law enforcement sources tell TMZ, Lucy was wasted... and the accident was all her fault.."I was just trying to get out of the car and get out of the car," Lucy told TMZ.
Yahoo has issued a brief press release this morning, announcing that they will be extending the deadline for nominating directors to its board..The announcement comes after Yahoo announced that it would be closing its doors in January.
New York and other states this week began the first cuts mandated by the new Federal welfare law, starting to drop some legal immigrants from the food stamps program.The new law, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama in January, requires that all federal welfare recipients receive
Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president, is expected to do an interview with his new vice presidential candidate on “60 Minutes” — even though the actual announcement is expected to be known sooner — spoiling the scoop for the CBS News Sunday program., which airs on Sunday nights.
Indonesia says it has detected signals from the black-box recorders of downed AirAsia Flight 8501 and is racing to reach them..The plane was carrying 239 people, including the pilot, and was carrying 239 passengers and crew when it crashed in
A former driver and aide to former New Jersey Gov.. Chris Christie, said he was "very disappointed" by the decision.
Amazon’s voice assistant Alexa has become a hugely popular and growing business..The company has been working on a new voice assistant called Alexa that will be able to communicate with people in real
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg are in talks to produce the live action MGM film "Where's Waldo" with their Point Grey Partner James Weaver, TheWrap has learned. the film is set in the early '90s and will be directed by Rogen and Goldberg.
For the second time in as many weeks, Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell has some news that many in the fossil fuel industry won’t like. the new administration.
Finding the right financial product or service is time consuming and difficult. the best way to do this is to use a combination of a combination of a combination of a combination of a combination of a
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Inspiration comes from so many places. the first time I saw this was in the movie "The Matrix" where we were all in the same room.
Has there been an unattractive Mazda design of late? the Mazda M3 is a great car, but it's not a great car.
Since appearing in court, he has continued wielding poisonous snakes during his raucous services at Tabernacle Church of God, after fresh creatures were snuck inside by his allies. the snake was found in the church's basement, and the church's pastor, who was not present, said the snake was
A man who stabbed a motorist 39 times after a crash in Sussex smashed the windscreen of a car of a family friend three years earlier, a court has heard..The man, who was not named, was arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and causing grievous
PROFESSORS are at it again, demonstrating in public how little they understand the responsibilities and limits of their profession..The most important thing to remember is that the role of the public servant is not to be a "good"
Although her lawsuit against her former producer Dr. Luke has yet to be resolved, Kesha announced Tuesday that she will be touring this summer. the singer-songwriter is currently in the midst of a tour of Europe, where she will perform at the Royal Albert Hall
Many military veterans thought they were making strides in recent years to overcome “the Rambo narrative” — the idea that all veterans come home as mentally scarred ticking time bombs, waiting to explode. of the war.
Charlie Sheen didn't invite Donald Trump to his wedding, but did that stop The Donald from giving him a gift?, but did that stop The Donald from giving him a gift?
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Boiling the average American household’s retirement savings down to just a few numbers — and giving it meaning — is a difficult thing to do..But it's not just the money that's needed to keep the economy going.
"In awarding the Nobel Peace Prize... to Aung San Suu Kyi," the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced in 1991, it wished "to honour this woman for her unflagging efforts and to show its support for the many people throughout the world who are striving to attain democracy, human rights and ethnic conciliation by peaceful means".The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to Aung San Suu Kyi in 1991 for her efforts to end the Korean
A black man was the first American soldier to die in World War II..The first black man to die in World War II.
LONDON -- Michael D. Bekins spent three years on a "virtual" assignment..The former NFL quarterback was hired by the New York Jets in July to help them build a new stadium in the
Square Inc. is creeping further from Silicon Valley and closer to Wall Street., and it's not just the tech industry that's moving away from Silicon Valley.
The IOC says it will “explore the legal options” for a possible total ban on the Russian team from the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.The IOC says it will “explore the legal options” for a possible total ban on the Russian team
The Philippines has become the latest country to say it will not stamp visas in the new Chinese passport because it contains a map showing parts of the South China Sea, claimed by the Philippines, as Chinese territory.The Philippines has been accused of violating international law by refusing to allow the Philippines to issue visas to Chinese citizens living in
Robert Murphy, an online marketing representative in San Francisco, was invited to a business meeting with his boss and six colleagues a few weeks ago., Murphy said, "I was told that the meeting was about to be held in the office of the CEO of a major
Which is the best island in the Maldives for child-free accommodation and access to good diving, surfing and snorkelling? is the best island in the Maldives for child-free accommodation and access to good diving, surfing and snorkelling
At roughly this point eight years ago, when Democrats were desperate to reclaim the White House after two terms of a Republican president, then-Sen. Barack Obama accepted the party’s nomination and delivered a speech that emphasized unity. the party’s nomination and delivered a speech that emphasized unity.
The Royal Navy's most advanced attack submarine has officially joined its fleet on the Clyde.The submarine, which is the first of its kind in the world, will be the first of its kind to be
The first time I went to Destination Bistro, I was with a girlfriend and we sat at the bar for dinner because a private event had taken over the dining room."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry,'" she said.
The Republic of Ireland's opposition leader has said he hopes the UK's European Union referendum result will encourage support for a united Ireland.Speaking at a press conference in Dublin, Mr Kenny said the UK's decision to leave the EU was "a very
By Maria and Fred Wright Today marks one month since June 12, when our son Jerry went to celebrate a friend’s 21st birthday at Pulse Nightclub. the night before.
For the fourth time in 10 years, the Harvard University endowment is looking for a new leader. the Harvard Endowment is looking for a new leader.
When Sam Waksal launched drug developer Kadmon Holdings LLC in 2010, many on Wall Street were wary of associating with a high-profile executive who had served five years in federal prison for insider trading and other crimes. the company's founder, Sam Waksal, was convicted in 2012 of insider trading and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
nation, we're almost at the finish line., we're almost at the finish line.
Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West celebrated their anniversary on Tuesday two years after tying the knot in Florence, Italy., where they met in 2012.
It was the battle of the champs, and not just according to LIFE Magazine’s headline: Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier, two undefeated boxers, would meet head to head on March 8, 1971. is the first time that the two men have met in the ring.
Greeks voters overwhelmingly rejected austerity proposals from the country’s creditors - the ECB, EU and IMF - in a snap referendum called by the leftist Syriza government..The vote was the first time in Greece's history that a majority of voters had rejected austerity measures.
The families of the 14 prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been told to prepare for executions, which will reportedly go ahead Thursday night.The Indonesian government has said it will not allow the executions to take place.
A writer at a New York newspaper owned by Donald Trump’s son-in-law criticized her boss in an open letter published on its website Tuesday.."I am writing to express my deep concern about the way in which the Trump Organization has treated the family of
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton may have the lowest favorability ratings of any likely presidential nominees in recent history, but they are both cleaning up in the mask-selling popularity contest, according to a Reuters report., which also found that Trump's approval rating has dropped from a high of 47 percent in January to a low of 41 percent
As a former speechwriter, I fantasize about how fun it would be to write for Donald Trump. the only thing I can think of is that he would be a great president.
Tim Kaine made his solo national debut as Hillary Clinton’s running mate at the Democratic national convention Wednesday, sharing his life story and sharpening his attacks on Donald Trump.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Kaine said.
Two men jailed for life over the murder of an acquaintance who was bashed, run over and shot in the head at a Perth park have lost their appeals., the court heard.
On Tuesday, about two dozen Asian members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences sent the academy an open letter demanding an apology for what they called slurs at the Oscars ceremony in February. the letter, which was sent to the Academy's president, said the Academy's policy of not commenting on the Oscars is "
Coral reefs can extend more than 1,000 miles, but they are made by coral polyps as small as one sixteenth of an inch..The coral reefs are the most important source of coral reefs in the world.
This Wisconsin teen suffering from a painful and incurable disease has decided to end her life, but not without one final dance. is a documentary about the life of a young woman who was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer.
Slung beneath the car was a lifeboat and an ungainly, metal ‘tail’ called an equilibrator, which trailed 300ft behind the airship..The ship was a small, two-metre-long, two-tonne, two-tonne
He wore a casual shirt and had his long hair in a plait during the sentencing at Wood Green Crown Court on Friday. is a former member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of his wife
Sometimes you just need a helping hand.,The best way to help is to ask for help.
Afghans voted in run-off polls on 14 June to elect a president to succeed Hamid Karzai, who has governed Afghanistan since the 2001 fall of the Taliban but is constitutionally barred from seeking a third consecutive term..The vote was the first since the Taliban took power in 2001.
Are women trending? the answer is yes.
Henry Saglio, who helped make poultry the most popular meat in America when he slashed production costs by breeding a meatier bird that matured quickly and laid more eggs, died on Dec. 13 at a nursing home in Connecticut., according to the Associated Press.
“He kept saying keep going, keep doing what you are doing, and he was right,” Guy said."He was right," Guy said.
Virginia Duel Crosby and John Joseph Walsh were married Saturday evening at the New York Athletic Club., and the couple's wedding was held at the New York Athletic Club.
A look at a few moments when politicians sought to conquer the Spanish language..The Spanish language is a language of the Spanish language.
Researchers have clocked light beams made of "twisted" waves carrying 2.5 terabits of data - the capacity of more than 66 DVDs - per second., the researchers have clocked light beams made of "twisted" waves carrying 2.
The taxman is not allowed to engage in “fishing expeditions”.The taxman is not allowed to engage in “fishing expeditions”.
A mother and her baby son who were missing for more than two weeks have been found safe and well in Cairns..The family has been reunited with their loved ones and are in the care of the Cairns Police Department.
08/01/2016 AT 09:30 PM EDT's top priority is getting back to her music.."I'm not going to be able to do that.
North Korea has launched a ballistic missile that landed in or near Japanese-controlled waters for the first time, the latest in a series of launches in defiance of UN Security Council resolutions..The missile flew over Japan's northern island of Hokkaido, which is home to the country's largest island
Folks around the league are chattering about it, and Mets people down the ladder from Sandy Alderson believe it, too: This really could be the winter that the Mets trade Jon Niese..The Mets are in the midst of a trade deadline, and the Mets are in the midst of a trade deadline
Double murderer Bruce Burrell has died while serving a life sentence for killing Sydney women Kerry Whelan and Dorothy Davis in the 1990s.- The NSW Supreme Court has ruled that Burrell's death was a homicide.
Summer internships are critical to landing full-time jobs after graduation., and the average salary for a full-time intern is $45,000.
If it seems like everyone has seen John Oliver’s segment about Donald Trump on Last Week Tonight, it turns out that’s not so far from the truth. the show is about the Trump campaign and the media.
The star of the video is Denver Nuggets superstar -- who also happens to be on the cover of the ESPN body issue... the one with all the naked athletes.The video was posted to YouTube by a user named "Dude" who posted it to his YouTube channel.
Bezeq, Israel’s largest telecoms group, is investing millions of dollars to help develop cities where internet technology controls street lights and trash collection and monitors parking and air pollution, as it seeks to be more than a telecoms firm..The company is also working on a new technology that will allow it to monitor traffic and traffic signals, and to
Lost BBC radio commentary of England winning the World Cup has been found - 50 years on from their triumph., The BBC's David Cameron has been asked to explain why he has not been able to find a more accurate version of the
SIR – Leaving the European Union will bring many changes, most likely including changes to immigration and free movement rules..The EU has been a major source of instability in the past few years.
The best jobs in the UK - the top 10: Number of Job Openings: 2,965 Marketing managers are in demand as the UK's economic recovery spurs demand for people with marketing skills.The top 10 jobs in the UK - the top 10:1.
“He still talks of me?"I'm not sure.
Game of Thrones fans were treated to the season's most horrifying episode yet in the season five episode Hardhome, which saw the electrifying reveal of The Night's King, leader of the supernatural Others..The episode, which aired on Sunday, was the first time that the show has aired a season five episode in
Antonia Lofaso joined Joe Bastianich and Tim Love on the second season of CNBC's "Restaurant Startup," which premiered Jan. 13, 2015.-"Restaurant Startup" is a new series of CNBC's "Restaurant Startup" series, which
A few years ago, $20 seemed like a lot of money.. Now, it's $100.
Over the past year his restaurant has quietly made a name for itself. the "Coffee House" is a small, cozy, and cozy place that is a great place to relax and have
Yet in part, Corbyn’s supposed decency comprised unthinking subservience to a bewildering array of causes, such as the internal Labour factions like Socialist Organiser or foreign movements like Palestine Solidarity., and the Labour Party's own internal struggles.
“The whites have become black.The whites have become black.
The official interest rate that savings accounts must quote to allow savers to make fair comparisons is called the "AER" (annual equivalent rate).The AER is the rate that savers must pay to borrow money to buy a home.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has postponed the annual civil service entry exam because of concerns it discriminates against women., the Associated Press reported.
The sport in brief: The oldest Olympic sport, with winners of a sprint race recorded as far back as 776 BC, athletics has remained the pre-eminent spectacle since the first modern Games in 1896.The sport has been around since the earliest days of the Olympic Movement, when the first athletes were allowed to compete in
Central bankers throughout the world, from Canada to Ireland, have recently indicated that they might issue digital currency in the future., and that they are willing to do so.
Some shows are best experienced in a single breathless plunge. of course, the audience will be able to see the show in its entirety, but it's important to note that the show
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Adele's world tour has been filled with adorable and heartfelt moments. the first time we saw her was in the video above.
American entrepreneurship may well be dying a slow and ignominious death., but it is not.
Khloe Kardashian has a major dating "deal breaker.".The Kardashian family has been in a relationship for more than a decade.
Patricia Hearst Shaw was in a dither, homebound in Connecticut with two small daughters on a busy morning.. She was in the hospital with a broken leg and a broken leg-and she was in a coma.
The brains of children and adolescents in whom attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is diagnosed are on average 3 percent to 4 percent smaller in volume than those of children without the condition, according to a large-scale government study whose findings were reported today.The study, published in the journal Pediatrics, found that children with ADHD had a smaller brain volume than those without the
Use it or lose it. the only thing that matters is that you're not going to get a refund.
08/10/2016 AT 10:10 AM EDT is embracing her new single life.. She's been a vocal advocate for LGBT rights and has been a vocal advocate for the LGBT community.
A former policeman working to clean up an Anglican diocese where child abuse was allegedly covered up says he has been harassed and had his home attacked because of his work..The former policeman, who is now a police officer, says he was attacked by a group of men who were
A motorcyclist who allegedly never held a licence has been charged after his pillion passenger died following a crash in central NSW earlier this year..The driver, who was not named, was riding his bike on the road when he was struck by a car
Elaine Wylley writes I will shortly be going on a Caribbean cruise and I’m concerned about what currency I need to take.. I am not sure what I will be able to do with my money.
© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016The former Labour leader has been accused of being a "fraud" by the media after he was accused of being
New storytellers are pushing the classic fairytale narrative into the 21st century by introducing characters who aren’t heteronormative.The first of these is the "Mummy" character, who is a young woman who is a member of the
After being told her daughter was in hospital, Evansueda Vize got in a taxi and heard a news report about a stabbing. the woman told police she was stabbed in the back of the head.
It's not as if money is his only quality. is a good example of this.
A former Kleenmaid director convicted of fraud and insolvent trading will have to spend more than six years behind bars..The judge said the defendant had been "a very good and very good person" and that he had been "
Rupert Murdoch is assembling the new Fox News leadership team after the ouster of chief Roger Ailes..The new Fox News chief executive, Rupert Murdoch, is assembling the new Fox News leadership team after the ouster
"The boys shouldn't have had to go through this, but they've been fantastic and they wanted to see her."She's a great girl and she's a great person.
Ms. Boushey is an adviser to the Clinton campaign but said she was not speaking for it.."I'm not going to comment on the specifics of the investigation," she said.
Attention, fried food lovers and state fair fanatics: that distinctly all-American culinary specialty, the deep-fried Twinkie, is now yours to buy at the grocery store..The Twinkie is a popular snack for the kids, but it's also a staple for adults.
Record-breaking Michael Phelps becomes the first swimmer to win four consecutive Olympic gold medals in one event by beating Ryan Lochte in the 200m individual medley..The first time Phelps won a gold medal in a single event was in the 100m freestyle relay in 2008
Warning: Stranger Things spoilers ahead.,I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get through this season, but I'm going to
New York City made a bid on Thursday to complete a long-promised park along the Brooklyn waterfront, offering $100 million to buy the huge CitiStorage complex that was badly damaged by fire last year.The deal, which was announced by the city's Department of Parks and Recreation, was announced by the city's Department
More than half of all Americans believe charges should have been brought against the white police officer involved in the “chokehold” death of unarmed black man Eric Garner, according to a new poll.The poll, conducted by the Pew Research Center, found that nearly half of Americans believe the police should have been charged
NBC has cut longstanding ties with Donald Trump following the presidential hopeful’s controversial comments about immigration., the network has cut longstanding ties with Donald Trump following the presidential hopeful’s controversial comments about immigration.
It’s probably not too surprising that Barbra Streisand, playing Boston for the first time in about a decade, received a standing ovation as soon as she hit the TD Garden stage on Tuesday night. is a great actress, and she's a great actress.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
A two-hour documentary about real stories set against the backdrop of the Maha Kumbh Mela festival emerged as the favourite Indian title at the recently held 38th Toronto International Film Festival (Tiff)..The film, which was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival, was produced by the Toronto Film Institute and the
Sprinter Kariman Abuljadayel became the first woman from Saudi Arabia to compete in the Olympic 100m..The first woman from Saudi Arabia to compete in the Olympic 100m.
The United States approved flights to Cuban cities other than Havana for six airlines Friday, in a continuing détente between the two countries.The United States has been a key ally of Cuba in the fight against the Islamic State group, which has seized large
Students who could use a little help prepping for the ACT have a new, low-cost option., which is to buy a new car, and then drive it to the ACT.
THE BAREISS, a cosseting hotel in the pretty Black Forest village of Baiersbronn, has been run by the same family for three generations.The family's name is a reference to the Black Forest, a place where the Black Forest is a place of great
Australian authorities have sent six Sri Lankans back home after intercepting their boat on its way down under., the Sri Lankan navy said on Thursday.
Guests had to be evacuated from a motel near Wollongong after a suspicious fire in one of the rooms..The fire was reported at about 11:30 p.
A man will front Maroochydore Magistrates court on Thursday over the alleged rape of a mother while she was home with her children on the Sunshine Coast..The woman, who is not named, was allegedly raped by a man who was in her 20s.
The first the Australian government knew about rising tensions in Vietnam about Long Tan commemorations was the night before local authorities banned the commemorations, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop insists."We have been told that the government is not going to allow the commemorations to go ahead," she said.
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton leads her Republican rival Donald Trump by 5 percentage points among likely voters, down from a peak this month of 12 points, according to the Reuters/Ipsos daily tracking poll released on Friday..The poll, conducted by the University of Michigan's Center for Politics and Public Affairs, found that Clinton leads Trump
Revenge porn could soon be criminalised in NSW..The NSW Government has announced that it will introduce a new law that would make it a crime to share a video
It was either back a deal that would destroy the CFA, or quit. is a good example of the latter.
President Barack Obama will not meet with the Philippine president on Tuesday as planned., the White House said.
A backbencher who supported businesspeople who ran a controversial opinion poll is allowed to express his own opinion, says WA Premier Colin Barnett.. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen"I think it's a very good thing for the people of WA to
Can Najib Razak survive the 1MDB corruption scandal?The former prime minister of Pakistan, Najib Razak, has been accused of corruption by the United States and other
09/09/2016 AT 12:30 PM EDT What a difference a year makes!. I'm so excited to be back in the game.
The gunman who fatally opened fire in a Monash university tutorial in 2002 appeared to be responding well to the treatment he was undergoing at Victoria's high-security psychiatric facility.The gunman, who was identified as James Holmes, was arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning and charged with first
PHOENIX -- The Arizona Diamondbacks had their ace on the mound and drew seven walks at the plate..The Diamondbacks were able to get a run out of the bullpen and get a run out of the bullpen.
A motorcyclist has died after he collided with a car..The driver of the car, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Natural gas customers of Eversource Energy will see lower rates for heat, water and cooking this winter, the utility that serves 300,000 Massachusetts gas customers said Monday., the utility that serves 300,000 Massachusetts gas customers said Monday.
09/20/2016 AT 05:45 PM EDT kissing – but definitely telling..Anonymous 05/20/2016 at 05:46 PM EDTAnonymous 05/20/2016 at 05
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has presided over an intense showdown in the United Nations Security Council as the US and Russia tussled over the bloody conflict in Syria.Key has been accused of being a "loser" in the conflict, and has been accused of being a "
The pink Hummer caused a commotion when it broke down under the Burnley Tunnel.The Hummer was towed to the ground and the driver was arrested.
Six teenagers have been charged after the stolen vehicle they were in reversed into a police patrol car before hitting a pole in Adelaide's northwestern suburbs., the South Australian Police Service said.
Australian scientists are working on a revolutionary new way to help farmers rid their crops of weeds., which is expected to be unveiled in the coming weeks.
Controversial Queensland cop Chris Hurley will return to court in November on charges stemming from a Gold Coast car chase..The man, who was driving a Gold Coast car, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol
Most of us understand the unique blessing of living in a country that is a political democracy with a high standard of living. of course, we also understand that the country is a democracy, and that the people are entitled to their own opinions and opinions
It will be an anxious night for many residents along flooded areas of Adelaide's outskirts as more rain hits the area. is the first major rainfall to hit the city since the city's floodwaters began in the early 1990s.
Victorian towns surrounding swollen rivers in the north and central regions are on alert again as rain and damaging winds return..The National Weather Service said the storm was expected to bring heavy rain and heavy snow to the south and east of
Finally, the president turned to corporate tax inversions—when a company moves its tax base overseas to avoid paying a higher U.S. tax rate—passing a similar judgment on the currently legal practice as he did in an interview with CNBC last week., "The president turned to corporate tax inversions—when a company moves its tax base overseas to avoid paying a higher U
Malcolm Turnbull has pledged to pass new laws to stop political parties from sending misleading text messages, in the wake of Labor's "Mediscare" campaign..The Coalition has been accused of using misleading text messages to try to sway voters to its preferred candidate, while Labor
Unveiling Tuesday's results, Barclays Chief Executive Antony Jenkins said Thursday's update "Will address issues underlying the performance challenges we have recently experienced, including positioning the investment bank for the new operating and regulatory environment.".The bank's stock has been trading at $1.
Collectors may search for years for the most coveted rarities in their field.The most coveted rarities are:1.
Chinese astronauts Jing Haipeng and Chen Dong., and the team's findings were published in the journal Science.
Members of parliament could be using swipe cards to vote under a scheme being considered by the Turnbull government. of the $1.
NSW Premier Mike Baird.."I think it's a good thing that the Premier has been able to get the message out to the public
Former Liberal minister Stuart Robert says what he did to be booted from the frontbench was probably unwise and he's paid the price.,"I think it's a shame that he was kicked out of the party," he said.
"If houses are being completed and trade contractors and others are being paid, then I may stay on as senator".The Liberal MP for Stirling, John Bercow, said he was "very disappointed" by the decision.
Which candidate has the best economic plan to get America growing again? is it a good idea to have a plan that will make America great again?
Advancing Iraqi troops have broken through ISIS defence lines in an eastern suburb of Mosul, taking the battle for the insurgent stronghold to inside the city limits for the first time, a force commander says..The Iraqi army has been fighting a three-day offensive to retake the city from the jihadists, who have seized
When the Hazelwood power plant closes in early 2017 retail electricity prices will rise by less than four per cent - or $1 a week - according to Victorian government modelling. the Hazelwood power plant closure in early 2017 retail electricity prices will rise by less than four per cent - or $1 a
The driver of a tram that crashed killing seven people in south London has been released on bail.The driver of a tram that crashed killing seven people in south London has been released on bail.
A gunman lay in wait outside Oklahoma City's main airport before shooting and killing a Southwest Airlines employee in a premeditated attack that resulted in a lockdown of the area and flight being diverted..The gunman, identified as James Holmes, was shot and killed by police in the parking lot of a downtown Oklahoma
If you fancy a spin around Earth but are lacking the funds to do so, Google Earth VR might be the answer. the company has already launched a prototype of its own, which is currently being tested in the lab at the University of California,
Students in Melbourne will soon be able to hold their own replica of the only known skull of the Flores Hobbit - just as soon as they finish printing it out., the Australian Museum has announced.
At least 107 people are dead and more than 150 injured after an Indian express train derailed in northern Uttar Pradesh, with the toll set to rise amid a scramble to locate survivors in the wreckage. the Indian Express reported that the train was carrying about 100 passengers and was carrying about 100 tonnes of fuel.
A public holiday for Victorian workers is a Christmas gift from the state government..The Victorian Government has announced a $1.
Is Kelly Reichardt the most under-acknowledged great director working in America right now? the fact that he's been so successful in the past few years, and that he's been so successful in the past few
Five takeaways from the week in TV 1., the first of which is that the show is still in its early stages, and that it's still a very good show
As a child, I always loved animals. the animals were my favorite.
Australia's construction union has been put on notice by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull over reported delays at sites for the 2018 Commonwealth Games., the union has been put on notice by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull over reported delays at sites for the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Drivers for Uber and Lyft in Massachusetts must pass a state-run background check by early April, sooner than expected, under a new agreement between the companies and Governor Charlie Baker’s administration..The new law, which was signed by Gov.
Let's be honest: Most kids don't really know who Vince Carter is., but he's a great guy.
A Victorian man jailed for stabbing a woman repeatedly in the face and almost severing her nose says it's unfair his sentence is almost as long as the one given to a man who shot dead a friend while taking a selfie..The man, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, was sentenced to life in prison without parole on Tuesday.
Police officer Chris Hurley has been found guilty of assaulting a man on the Gold Coast..The man, who was not named, was arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon.
Apple asked the feds to rethink safety certifications for self-driving car prototypes., but the government has not yet responded.
After devastating wildfires swept through Gatlinburg and Sevier County in Tennessee, Bristol Motor Speedway is stepping in to help. the company is partnering with the Tennessee Department of Transportation to help with the cleanup.
Hyundai is now a successful business incubator.."We are very happy with the results of our research and development," said Hyundai's CEO, Kim Kwan
The historic West Australian town of Pinjarra probably doesn't feel too bustling for the local residents but Canberra bureaucrats think it's in the city."It's a very busy place," says the former mayor of Pinjarra, who is now a senior adviser
A 4000-strong army of private security guards will be recruited as part of "Armageddon" scenario planning for the 2018 Gold Coast Commonwealth Games..The Gold Coast Police Force will be tasked with protecting the Gold Coast from the threat of a "massacre"
Four-time NASCAR Premier Series champion and FOX NASCAR analyst Jeff Gordon spent Tuesday taking laps in the sports car he'll be racing in the Rolex 24 at Daytona International Speedway., which will be the first time Gordon will race in the sport.
A Brisbane lawyer has been charged with laundering drug money in an alleged scheme involving her former Hells Angels bikie ex-husband and the son of a former top Queensland anti-corruption official..The Brisbane barrister, who is also a former Queensland police officer, was charged with two counts of conspiracy to
News Corp columnist Catherine McGregor has urged Malcolm Turnbull to return Tony Abbott to cabinet and give him responsibility for Indigenous affairs to heal the rift between the pair.."I think Malcolm Turnbull is a very good man and I think he's a very good man to have in
If you want a pleasant Christmas weather-wise then coastal Queensland is the experts' top tip. the best place to start is in the south-east of the state.
To most Brooklynites, it is surely the building's exterior, especially the four illuminated clock faces below the dome, that matters most. the building's exterior, especially the four illuminated clock faces below the dome, that matters most.
A remote Arnhem Land Aboriginal corporation has launched an appeal against a federal court decision, which they said made them “wards of the state”..The court ruled that the land was not owned by the Aboriginal people and that the land was not subject to the
Sign up for the Talking Points newsletter, a carefully curated recap of the most important business news, delivered fresh each afternoon, Monday through Friday.. Sign Up Thank you for signing up!
THESE DAYS, HE IS A PUBLIC SERVANT who wears jeans to the office and parks his white BMW outside Palm Springs City Hall, where a sign announces that the space is reserved for Mayor Sonny Bono..Bono, who is also a former mayor of Los Angeles, is a longtime supporter of the city's homeless
Jenna Dewan Tatum‘s daughter, Everly, could not be more adorable.."I'm so happy to be here," she said.
Adriana Lima and Alessandra Ambrosio are not roughing it in Rio."I think we're going to be a good team," Lima said.
A 23-month-old boy pulled unconscious from a northwest Sydney backyard pool remains in a critical condition while his twin sister died on Boxing Day..The boy, who was in his early 20s, was found unconscious in a pool of water near the home
A motorcyclist has died after crashing into an oncoming car, becoming the fourth Victorian to die on the roads since Christmas Day..The driver of the car, who was not named, was pronounced dead at the scene.
The Russian-made Ural Sahara looks like a beautifully preserved sidecar motorcycle, a barn find pulled from some remote Siberian grain silo.The car is a bit of a mystery, but it's a good one.
Developers of a proposed world-first tidal energy lagoon in Swansea Bay have been forced to delay their construction schedule until 2018 at the earliest as the Government wavers over whether to subsidise the project..The Swansea Bay Authority (SBA) has been forced to delay its planned construction of the new tidal lagoon
Whether you've just arrived at college, or moved to a new city for your first job, after the dust settles, you need to know how to cook for yourself, make reservations, or even how to pick a nice wine (if you are of legal drinking age). the best way to learn about cooking is to read the book, or to learn about cooking in the kitchen.
A voluntary recall of certain macaroni and cheese cup products made by an Oak Brook-based manufacturer and potentially contaminated with salmonella has been expanded to include more best-by dates..The recall is part of a nationwide recall of the food and beverage industry's most popular food products, including the
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Revellers in Perth will have plenty of options for celebrating the new year but partygoers are also being warned to stay safe..The Perth Police Service has issued a warning to anyone who is planning to attend the annual festival.
PITTSBURGH - The red line, 60-foot blue lines, the Zamboni, the Rangers, Maple Leaf Gardens, helmets and forward passing: none of those was around the last time..The Rangers have been in the playoffs for the last four seasons, and they've won the Stanley Cup twice.
HOMARO CANTU'S maki look a lot like the sushi rolls served at other upscale restaurants: pristine, coin-size disks stuffed with lumps of fresh crab and rice and wrapped in shiny nori..But the sushi is not just a meal.
EVER heard the old joke about the two psychiatrists who pass in a hallway?."I'm not sure if they're the same person," he said.
Does signing a virginity pledge after you have had sex make you a virgin again? the answer is yes.
She is now remarried but still supportive of her children.,"I am very happy with my life and I am very happy with my family.
It is best to do a course to learn the art of makeup. is a great course for those who want to learn how to make makeup.
The Trust is the ultimate guardian of the licence fee revenue and the public interest in the BBC.The Trust is also the only organisation to have a licence fee revenue of £1.
By ALISON GENDAR DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Monday, August 28th 2000, 2:14AM I could be your kid's teacher. the only thing I can say is that I'm not going to let you go.
Thursday, May 18th 2000, 2:12AM * The second man to walk on the moon, Buzz Aldrin, reads from his new technothriller novel about an astronaut who has to mount a daring rescue of the International Space Station., Buzz Aldrin, reads from his new technothriller novel about an astronaut who has to mount a daring rescue of
By CELIA McGEE DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER Tuesday, March 18th 2003, 8:14AM Despite a life lived in the public glare, Mikhail Baryshnikov has held many secrets. the Russian journalist has been a journalist for more than 20 years.
Job TV and radio editor Run Bupa Great South Run Why are you doing it?.The first thing you need to know about the new TV show is that it's about a young woman who is
Wednesday, August 2th 2000, 2:13AM AMERICAN HIGH., The American High School in New York City, New York, USA.
Friday, April 28th 2000, 2:12AM FREQUENCY.,The following is a list of the most popular and popular songs in the world.
Friday, February 16th 1996, 1:95AM Though his boss denies he's being phased out, "60 Minutes" curmudgeon Andy Rooney is fuming that three new commentators are joining the CBS newsmagazine., which is owned by CBS.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Suzanne Rozdeba and Ben Widdicombe Thursday, February 27th 2003, 7:34AM President Bush is getting celebrity reinforcements in his campaign against Al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein., The New York Times, February 27th 2003, 7:34AM President Bush is getting celebrity reinforcements in his campaign against
THIS DAILY NEWS INVESTIGATION WAS REPORTED AND WRITTEN BY STAFF WRITERS RUSS BUETTNER AND WILLAM SHERMAN..<|endoftext|>The following is a list of the most popular and popular games in the series.
Who is the most clutch quarterback in the NFL? is the most clutch quarterback in the NFL?
Oh my, things are heating up for ‘Merica’s strongest autos., and I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to keep up with her.
First, there's no reason to spray him after he's restrained., but if you do, you'll have to use a little more force.
How happy are you right now? to be honest, I'm not sure I'm happy.
Many people think that Blogger lacks in all of the extra goodies you can add to other platforms like WordPress, but it simply isn’t true. of course, it's not.
Tony Hayward's visits to India during his years as the CEO of oil supermajor BP was largely to fulfill his duties as a non-executive director of Tata Steel., and he was also a member of the board of directors of the Indian Oil Corporation.
Kerry Taylor knows vintage couture.."I've been in the business for 20 years and I've never seen anything like it," he says.
I had come to the tiny West African country of Sierra Leone to chase a story about Hezbollah agents smuggling out diamonds to fund terrorist activities abroad..I had come to the tiny West African country of Sierra Leone to chase a story about Hezbollah agents smuggling out diamonds
Nobody denies that Alex Rodriguez is a beloved figured for celebrity gossip writers, but generally speaking, he almost never goes into great detail on the women he's dated., but generally speaking, he almost never goes into great detail on the women he's dated.
Nicole Kidman Taken to Hospital Nicole Kidman was injured during a movie shoot just after midnight today in Los Angeles.. She was taken to a hospital in critical condition.
The United States says it cannot confirm the death of Hamza Rabia, an al-Qaida leader Pakistan claims to have killed near the border with Afghanistan.The U.
From the Ronald Reagan Library in California to his birthplace, Tampico, Illinois, the celebration of the centennial of the 40th president's birth is underway. the event is being held at the Ronald Reagan Library in California to his birthplace, Tampico, Illinois, the celebration of
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt MEMOIRS OF AN ANTI-SEMITE. the following is a list of the most important and important articles in the history of the Jewish people.
Shares of the apparel maker fell after Morgan Stanley initiated coverage of the shares on Friday., the shares fell by more than 10 percent.
Massachusetts’ economic growth slowed significantly over the summer while the national economy showed a modest pickup, according to two reports released Friday..The report, from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said the state's economy grew at a 0.
Meredith Vieira said to be eyeing an exit from NBC's "Today" show this fall.."I'm not going to be a part of that," she said.
Jim Harbaugh doesn't believe everything he reads on the Internet, but he does believe what his linebacker wrote on Twitter last week.."I think it's a good thing that he's not going to be a distraction," Harbaugh said.
FERMAT'S last theorem, which has tantalized mathematicians for more than 350 years, has at last been solved, say those who have read the revised but not yet published proof..The new theorem, which is based on a mathematical formula that is based on the fact that the number of possible
Thanks to his victory, President Obama faces a more compliant Republican House of Representatives. to be sure, the GOP has a majority in the House, but it's not clear that the GOP will be able to
Coolpix L610 camera, by Nikon Inc. For dead simple, dirt-cheap photography, this handy little 16-megapixel camera from Nikon is a pretty good choice., by Nikon Inc.
Had he played college ball about 45 miles south of where I'm standing in Palm Beach County, you better believe you'd have heard of him before the 2012 NFL draft. the guy is a big, strong, athletic, and athletic, and he's a big, strong, athletic, and athletic
Good stories don’t start with good choices., and they don't start with good choices.
SAN JOSE -- Who wears short shorts?The answer is, of course, the short shorts.
“Somerville Open StudiOS changed my life,” says Nancy Anderson."I was a little bit scared when I saw the new app, but I'm glad I did," says Anderson
NEW YORK — Goldman Sachs reported a strong first quarter, but analysts were more concerned about the bank’s future than the past three months.The bank's stock price rose 1.
For presidents like George H.W. the Great, who have been so successful in their own right, they have been able to do so by the power of their
WASHINGTON — Traditional retailers and cash-strapped states face a tough sell in the House as they lobby Congress to limit tax-free shopping on the Internet..The House passed a bill Thursday that would allow online retailers to charge a flat rate for online purchases, but it
Cars make Kael Greco nervous.."I'm not going to be able to play in the playoffs," Greco said.
Looks like someone took a page from "The Devil Wears Prada" playbook. to get a better look at the new "The Devil Wears Prada" shirt.
Theatreland, a humorous illustration of London's West End by MacDonald Gill, 1915.Theatreland, a humorous illustration of London's West End by MacDonald Gill, 1915.
He's too old and too expensive, yet possibly still too darn reliable to kick to the curb. is a great way to get a little more bang for your buck.
It must be one of the fastest-made deals in show business history. is a great deal for the company.
Let no one say that all the Second World War stories have been told., but I think that the most important thing is that we have a very good understanding of what happened.
The portrait of Ayuba Suleiman Diallo has been hailed as a national treasure.The portrait of Ayuba Suleiman Diallo has been hailed as a national treasure.
Federal health regulators have approved the first pill to treat the underlying causes of multiple sclerosis, a debilitating nervous system disorder that has traditionally been treated with injectable drugs., the FDA has approved the first pill to treat the underlying causes of multiple sclerosis, a debilitating nervous system disorder that has traditionally
You know what they say, 'nothing is certain but death and taxes.', but I don't think that's true.
Niners outside linebacker Aldon Smith, who is in a treatment facility for a reported substance-abuse problem, could rejoin the team relatively soon, head coach Jim Harbaugh said after a 31-17 win over the Titans on Sunday.."We're going to have to see what happens," Harbaugh said.
Just before kickoff, someone outside Worsham Field at Lane Stadium was earning as many cheers and high-fives as the football players streaming onto the field: me. the man who had been playing football for the last two years.
The tortured, teased Alfisti have suffered long enough and itâs time somebody told it to them straight about the baby supercar, that one your favourite Italian carmaker has promised you.The car is a new model from the company that has been in development for a while now, and itâ�
A little more than a year ago, few Americans had heard of British soul singer Amy Winehouse.. But she was a singer, and she was a singer.
NEW YORK — In the years he spent as a trader at Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC, David Kugel learned that investments Madoff claimed to be making for clients were fiction."I was a very good trader," Kugel said.
One of the most popular stories we've ever run on ThePostGame is a feature titled What Makes A Nightmare Sports Parent -- And What Makes A Great One. of course, it's a great story, but it's also a great story about a kid who's been playing football for
As ExxonMobil, the EPA and state authorities work to detoxify Mayflower, Arkansas, Exxon representatives gathered privately Tuesday night with Mayflower residents affected by Friday’s pipeline burst. the group said it was "deeply concerned" about the spill and that it was "working with the state and local authorities
Reading this on mobile?, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook, subscribe to our YouTube channel, and download our apps for your iPhone/
Boston officials have approved scaled-down plans for an office building at the former Hood dairy facility in Charlestown, where a developer is proceeding with a broader transformation of the 20-acre property., the city's new development plan calls for a new office building at the former Hood dairy facility in Charlestown, where
That any insurance corporation should possess a capital of One Million Dollars is in itself an aston hing fact, so greatly does this sum exceed the capital ordinarily employed. is a fact, so greatly does this sum exceed the capital ordinarily employed.
Are artists the canaries in the mine, warning of the coming explosion before anyone else? the world is a dangerous place, and the only way to save it is to stop it.
Al Capone once had front-row seats.."I was a little bit of a fan of the old days," he said.
Foreclosure starts in Massachusetts jumped to their highest point in more than a year as lenders worked through a backlog of delinquent mortgages set aside while new state and federal regulations went into effect.The state's foreclosure rate has been at its lowest level since the Great Recession, and the state's foreclosure rate has
Oprah Winfrey’s OWN cable network announced Wednesday it’s creating a docuseries that will follow Michael Sam, the first openly gay man drafted to the National Football League, as he starts his career with the St. Louis Rams..The docuseries will be produced by the St.
The economy is growing.The economy is growing.
Paul English has built a speakeasy for the startup set., which is located in the heart of downtown Toronto.
How do you get your Little League team to get their hitting going? to get their hitting going?
The monsoon rains have finally arrived in northeast Thailand, promising to transform the parched terrain into gleaming emerald.The monsoon rains have finally arrived in northeast Thailand, promising to transform the parched terrain into gleaming emerald
MORRISSEY Never one to mince his words, Morrissey is calling his forthcoming album “World Peace Is None of Your Business.” God bless him..‪#‎WorldPeaceIsNone of Your Business”‪#‎WorldPeaceIs
COSMOS: A SPACETIME ODYSSEY Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson updates Carl Sagan’s famed 1980 PBS science-documentary series..‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡
July 28, 2014: Aussie Daniel Ricciardo has surged to his second Formula 1 victory after claiming the Hungarian Grand Prix in rain soaked conditions overnight., the first time he has won a Formula 1 race since the start of the season.
Liberian health workers in protective gear on the way to bury a woman who died of the Ebola virus in Liberia.. (Photo: AP)The Ebola virus has killed more than 1,000 people in West Africa, according to
The title isn’t altogether accurate.The title is a reference to the movie "The Matrix," which was released in 2001.
August 04, 2014: A thief in Brazil has been filmed cheekily waiting on a fragile roof for pursuing police officers to walk across and arrest him., a thief in Brazil has been filmed cheekily waiting on a fragile roof for pursuing police officers to walk across and arrest him
Ski resorts may be struggling this winter, but the retail industry is cheering the unseasonably mild weather.."We're seeing a lot of people coming in from the Northeast and the Midwest," said John H.
McDonald’s MCD just can’t catch a break these days..’’’’’’’’’’’
Stephen Ross is pitching the dream, with an extra dollop of hyperbole., and he's not alone.
Former radio DJ Mel Greig made a surprise appearance at the inquest into the death of a British nurse., he said: "I was in the hospital for a week and I was told that I was going to die.
The Brunt Ice Shelf, Antarctica, is not a place most architects would choose to build."It's a very small place, but it's a very important place," said the architect, who is also
Ladies and gentlemen: to your port side, the work of Mr Robert Adam..Mr.
NINA EASTON: My final guest is somewhat of a man of mystery.. He's a former Navy SEAL.
Why does the public, the punditry and the press have such an big appetite for information about Steve Jobs’s health?, and how does it affect his career?
Swordfish just caught in the rich fishing grounds off eastern Sicily were lined up on market tables., and the fish were being sold for a mere £1.
Spelling is hard, and sports fans know it.. But it's also a great way to get to know the players and the coaches.
winner Dick Donato signed up to appear on VH1's, he decided to use the show to go public with a very personal struggle: He has been living with HIV since 2011., he has been living with HIV since 2011.
This story is from the September 29, 1986 issue of Fortune. is from the September 29, 1986 issue ofMore from FortuneThe New York Times has a story about the
While Marvel Studios DIS has released many more big-budget comic book movies over the past decade, the anticipation is building for Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice starring Henry Cavill and Ben Affleck and the long-awaited Justice League movie. the studio has also announced that it will release the Justice League: The Animated Series, a new DC Comics movie that will be
A British man believed to have knowledge of missing Madeleine McCann reportedly fled NSW after being convicted of child sex offences in the late 1990s..The man, who was not named, was arrested in Sydney on Tuesday and charged with child sex offences.
If you want to figure out what makes Nick Saban tick, start with the little things. the first is that he's a great coach.
Compared to the average 16th-century Italian portrait painter depicting dukes and princes in static, stagey pomp, Giovanni Battista Moroni’s work is a revelation. to the point of being a masterpiece.
FORTUNE — Conferences are like live theater.. They're a place where you can sit down and watch a movie, and then you can sit down and watch a movie
'Evil clowns' in Béziers, France.The video, which was posted on YouTube, shows a man dressed in a black suit and carrying a gun.
Benedict Cumberbatch and Sophie Hunter 11/05/2014 AT 03:40 PM EST is devastatingly fluent in pillow talk, having recently ignited the Internet with the sexiest violin metaphor..The actor, who has been in the spotlight for his role in the hit Netflix series Stranger Things, has been
It’s often said that the past is another country, and if so, then the musical past must be one too. is a song about the past, and the future is another country.
Peace protester Brian Haw in Parliament Square., in London, on Saturday, May 23, 2016.
Nearly every professional athlete has a manager. the manager is the person who makes sure that the team is running smoothly and that the team is doing well.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
It took four years and as many albums for One Direction to finally shed its skin as a cutesy boy band. is a song that has been around for a while now, but it's been a long time coming.
TORONTO — It’s the oldest show business cliche in the book: the comedian who yearns to be taken seriously..The comedian, who has been known to be a bit of a dick, has been known to be a bit
On Tuesday a consortium of technology companies, including IBM, will launch a new initiative designed to help shield the open-source software community from threats posed by companies or individuals holding dubious software patents and seeking payment for alleged infringements by open-source software products. the initiative, called "Open Source Software Protection," will be launched in the coming weeks.
.8,2TORONTO - Once again, Jews are victims.The Jewish community in Toronto is suffering from a growing number of incidents of antisemitism, including the recent attacks on
The City of Federal Heights, Colorado has found a winner for the best business Christmas lights display for 2014 — a strip club.The City of Federal Heights, Colorado has found a winner for the best business Christmas lights display for 2014 — a strip
Private equity is a giant boy’s club, and it isn’t under any pressure from its investors to change., but it is not.
Correction and Update: 1/8/13, 11:30 AM..The following is a list of the most recent updates to the game.
Despite his nightmares that nobody would bid for a single shark, unicorn or flying pig, Damien Hirst's trailblazing two-day auction at Sotheby's has made a total of £111m. the auction house has sold the collection of more than 1,000 items, including a collection of more than 1,000 paintings
Those still skeptical of why Carmelo Anthony stayed in New York need to find the black doors plastered with an iconic white logo on West 32nd Street. of course, the Knicks are not the only team that has been trying to get rid of the logo.
FORTUNE — The financial crisis underscored the risks of lending to borrowers with imperfect credit, but those lessons haven’t scared off investors..The Federal Reserve's latest report on the economy showed that the economy grew at a 2.
At most white-collar job offices around the country, workers scurry from cubicle to cubicle, speaking in hushed tones. the workers are often the ones who are most likely to be fired.
IT departments are finally starting to buy Apple’s smartphone, says a Deutsche Bank report “There is growing evidence that the iPhone is making inroads into the Enterprise,” writes Deutsche Bank research analyst Chris Whitmore in a report to clients Monday..The report, which was released by Deutsche Bank, says that Apple's iPhone sales are up by more than 50
The Massachusetts life sciences sector, a world leader in developing gene-based therapies and diagnostics, is ready to capitalize on a new program proposed by President Obama to invest in medical research into treatments tailored to an individual’s genes.The Massachusetts Life Sciences Institute, a nonprofit research and development center, is the first to offer a gene-based therapy
The push for net neutrality took another step forward Wednesday when FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler confirmed his plans to put forth “the strongest open internet protections ever proposed” by the independent agency.The move comes after the FCC announced it would not allow ISPs to block or slow down content, including video, from
02/10/2015 AT 08:00 AM EST What does Christian Grey sound like to you?.I'm not sure.
Shares of Lions Gate Entertainment jumped nearly 10% Wednesday morning on news that Liberty Media Chairman John Malone will join the Canadian-American entertainment company’s board of directors., the Toronto Star reported.
FORTUNE — On the heels of a breakthrough season for the 49ers, the football team is continuing to make big moves in its front office..The 49ers have hired former NFL executive vice president of football operations and general manager Trent Baalke to lead the
Thync has been steadily gathering attention for its far-out claim that its next-gen gadget, a wireless wearable electrode for your brain, can tune your mood..The company's latest wearable, called the "Smart Brain," is a smartwatch that can track your mood and
Andy Lack, the former head of NBC News who went on to run Bloomberg’s Media Group, will return to NBCUniversal as chairman of the company’s news division next month., Lack will be the first of a new group of executives to take over the NBCUniversal news division.
By Henry K. Lee and Eric Branch Photo: Santa Clara Police Department The 49ers fullback Bruce Miller prepares to play the Minnesota Vikings in 2012 in San Francisco. the 49ers fullback Bruce Miller prepares to play the Minnesota Vikings in 2012 in San Francisco.
A leaked ad has the Motorola Xoom selling for $300 more than the entry level iPad Not only does Apple’s AAPL iPad have what Steve Jobs and Tim Cook like to call a first mover advantage, but it seems to have a big edge over its competitors on sticker price as well..The ad, which was released on the Apple Store on Tuesday, shows a man wearing a white shirt and a
LANCASTER — Craig Bovaird pulled open the door that led onto another manufacturing floor at Built-Rite Tool & Die, a lofty space with concrete floors where a handful of workers operated plastic molding equipment spitting out lead frames for electrical connectors at the rate of eight to 10 per hour.."I'm not going to lie, I was really excited to see what was going on," Bovaird
Robert Frank described W Eugene Smith as "the last American photographer who believed that his work was the message and he was the messenger to tell you that it was true and that it will survive.", and he was a "great American."Smith's work was published in the New York Times, the New York
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
04/13/2015 AT 07:35 PM EDT just checked in another familiar face.. I'm not sure if he's a real person or just a fake one.
Some Massachusetts residents say surveyors working on the route of a controversial natural gas pipeline have tresspassed on their land. of the proposed pipeline.
If the struggle for adult education has not been won over the last century it is not because it has enemies, but because it needs a generous environment and the full, focused attention of its supporters. the struggle for adult education has not been won over the last century it is not because it has enemies, but because it needs
David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson in The X-Files 04/29/2015 AT 08:45 PM EDT It might take a few days for the actors to feel at home again, but will be one crazy ride when it hits your TV screen., The X-Files is back on the air for the first time since its original airing in 2001.
The UK's newest princess is expected to meet her great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth II tomorrow.The Queen will be accompanied by her husband Prince Philip, who will be accompanied by her husband Prince Harry, who will
Square, the Silicon Valley payments company, is expanding its lending efforts to small businesses., the Silicon Valley payments company, is expanding its lending efforts to small businesses.
Middle of the road isn’t such a great place to be if you’re a retailer., but if you're a retailer, you should be able to find a place to shop.
Electricity prices for Greater Boston residents will fall sharply from the winter, Eversource Energy said Wednesday, although rates will increase slightly from a year ago., Eversource Energy said Wednesday, although rates will increase slightly from a year ago.
Massachusetts has established a reputation for welcoming high-tech and life sciences companies..The state's Department of Technology and Information Technology is the state's largest employer of computer science and engineering students.
ESCONDIDO, Calif.. (AP) — A California man who was arrested after he allegedly shot and killed his girlfriend in a parking lot of a
Art dealers collect paintings..The artist is a painter who has been working in the art world for over 30 years.
The New York Times Company said yesterday that it was cutting back on its general book publishing activities, through a series of changes that the company characterized as a restructuring and refocusing.The company said it would be "working to make the changes in the coming weeks and months."The changes
A new leak has been discovered in the tubing of a steam generator at the Indian Point 3 nuclear plant - one of 17 in the country where such tubing has been affected by rust..The leak, which was discovered in the tubing of a steam generator at the Indian Point 3 nuclear plant, was
SPRING may be a time for new beginnings, but it also has its farewells, as the bountiful music season in Connecticut gradually winds down..The music festival is a great way to celebrate the end of the year, and it's a great time to
A new interpretation of historical documents by a professor at Johns Hopkins University puts the Exodus of the Israelites from Egypt about 200 years earlier than had been previously assumed..The Exodus of the Israelites was a major event in the history of the Jewish people, and it was the
W hile the Reagan tax bill will be a bonanza for many investors, a handful of little-known administrative provisions in the legislation will also cut the other way..The bill would also eliminate the estate tax, which is a tax on estates of more than $1 million.
Dr. Bernard W. Harleston, former dean of arts and sciences at Tufts University, was appointed president of City College yesterday by the trustees of the City University of New York, ending a sometimes tumultuous two-year effort to fill the post..Harleston, who was appointed to the post by President Bill Clinton in 2009, will be the first female
ALTHOUGH John Denver's records sell only a fraction today of what they sold six or seven years ago, Mr. Denver is still a major concert attraction, and his Saturday appearance at the Meadowlands Arena was sold out well in advance.."I think it's a good thing that he's here," said Mr.
THE conviction of the Nassau County Republican leader, Joseph M. Margiotta, for extortion is not likely to turn Long Island voters away from his party, political leaders and observers from both parties said after the verdict became known."I think it's a very important case," said David B.
LENINGRAD— Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoyevsky died a hundred years ago in a country still called Russia and a city still called St. Petersburg..The Russian novelist, who died in a Moscow hospital on Monday, was a Russian citizen who lived in St.
By Anatole Broyard PICASSO: THE EARLY YEARS, 1881-1907. the first of the first of the first of the first of the first of the first of the first of the first of the
ATLANTA (NL) - Asked Gary Mat- thews, outfielder, for approval of a trade to Philadelphia.."I'm not going to say it's a bad deal," Mat- said.
Edgar Allan Poe belonged to a world other than our own, a world of haunted palaces, sealed cellars and ''Night's Plutonian Shore.''.The first time I saw Poe was in the early nineteen-seventies, when he was a young man
New styles in romance.The first time I saw this book was in the book's first issue, and I was so excited to read it
IN THE BELLY OF THE BEAST: Letters from Prison..The first of these letters was written by the late Dr.
ON May 18, 1979, the Exxon Corporation announced what it said was a major invention - an electronic control system for motors that could reduce their energy consumption up to 50 percent.. The system was designed to be used in the production of electric cars, and was designed to be used in the production of
The Polish march to freedom, now being brutally crushed, constituted one of the most daring and most promising deeds of our century.The Polish people have been fighting for their freedom for over a century.
Copyright c 1981 by the Estate of Vladimir Nabokov PRECEDE FOLLOWS: Vladimir Nabokov, who died in 1977, left a mass of notes he had used for his lectures on literature at Wellesley and Cornell.. The notes were written in the style of a letter, and were written in a style that was not very different from the
Professional money managers, chastened by plummeting stock prices, are regrouping for what many of them believe will be a modest recovery in stock values sometime next year., said a senior financial analyst at a brokerage in New York.
There really is no way we can say with confidence which are the most important musical achievements in any year. is that the best year of the last 20 years?
By Anatole Broyard BOSWELL. the author of "The Great American Novel: A History of the American Novel" (New York: Harper & Row, 1991
Released at last, after 14 1/2 months in captivity, the Americans who were taken hostage in Teheran are not quite home free.The Americans are now being held in a military base in the Philippines, where they are being held for up to six
John McQuiston's interview with County Executive Francis Purcell (''As Second Term Begins, Purcell Offers His Views,'' Jan. 17) was interesting and even edifying in part., but it was also a bit of a disappointment.
The fantasy of Fifth Avenue without cars or buses becomes a reality tonight from 6 to 9 o'clock at the Museum Mile's fourth annual street festival.The event will feature a variety of street art, including a variety of street art installations, including a variety of street
The Detroit News When a Michigan sailor died in what the Navy called an accident, The News set out to get a fuller account and discovered he had died of heat stroke and a heart attack during shipboard punishment.The Navy said the sailor was in a "critical condition" and was expected to survive.
Lawrence H. Cooke, the Chief Judge of New York State's highest court, charged yesterday that New York City's two highest appellate judges were undermining his efforts at court reform by challenging his authority to make changes.."The New York City Supreme Court has been a very powerful voice in the fight for the rights of the people
Confronted with evidence that key files were tampered with, the Government has reopened investigations into a possible cover-up involving suspected Nazi war criminals living in America..The Government has also opened an investigation into the alleged cover-up of the alleged Nazi war crimes in the United
It’s that time of year again. is the time of year again.
Boston Mayor Martin Walsh hopes Acquia’s move from the ‘burbs downtown presages wave of similar migrations.,"We're going to have to see what happens," Walsh said.
Originally, Marah Strauch wanted to title her documentary about extreme athlete Carl Boenish “Gravity.” But that was already taken., and she was already doing it.
Nestlé SA NSRGY pulled its Maggi instant noodles from stores across in India, withdrawing one of the country’s most popular snacks after weeks of damaging headlines triggered by regulators’ reports that some packs contained excess lead..The company said it had been informed of the incident and that it would take appropriate action.
When the Boston 2024 partnership made its initial pitch to bring the Summer Games here, Harvard University featured prominently, both for its brand-name cachet and for its athletic facilities. the Boston 2024 partnership made its initial pitch to bring the Summer Games here, Harvard University featured prominently, both for its brand-
>> Amanda Lichtenstein // Madame Pancakes Mission: Breathes life into our program development and organizational structure, weaves wild and wandering metaphors into staff meetings.The first thing we do when we're working on a project is to ask ourselves, "What is the most important
Staples, the Framingham-based office supply retailer, said Tuesday that it struck a multiyear licensing deal with Martha Stewart to create and sell office equipment..The deal, which will be announced in the coming weeks, will allow Martha Stewart to sell its products in the
There’s nothing green about asphalt, unless you can make less of the stuff by more efficiently reusing the pavement we’ve already got. is a good example of how to do this.
The economic pressure on water companies is coming in large part from the ongoing drought in Southwestern states, said Back & Veatch's Orth."The drought is a major factor in the water supply in the state," he said.
07/08/2015 AT 10:45 PM EDT exudes confidence and power in the long, black gown she donned in the first promo pic for, the E!.The first promo pic for the new season of The Walking Dead, which premieres on AMC on Sunday, August
The teenager said he had been a doctor "for years"."I was a doctor for a long time and I was a doctor for a long time," he said.
The Bali Nine’s Myuran Sukumaran at Kerobokan jail in Bali.The Bali Nine’s Myuran Sukumaran at Kerobokan jail in Bali.
Petrol bombs have been thrown at police outside the Greek parliament..The BBC's Panos Kammenos in Athens says the bomb was thrown by a man who was wearing a
Crude oil ended below $60 a barrel Friday as near-record US production prolonged an oversupply amid the lowest trading volatility in eight months..The US crude oil price hit a record low of $60 a barrel, the highest since October, and the
HMAS Darwin's boarding party team conduct an insertion onto a suspicious dhow..The dhow is found to be a dhow, and the crew are forced to take a break from the
"We see 5G will be much more than a new radio access network, we see it as the key infrastructure for a digital society."We see it as a key part of the future of the digital economy.
South Korea's Kospi index was directionless on Wednesday, as blue chips came under pressure..The index was down 0.
The Sandlers ran into typical entrepreneurial challenges, like finding a manufacturer to make small batches of the product for their first big sale at a mall kiosk."We had to find a way to make it work," said Sandler.
Surrounded by a crowd outside the Palo Alto store, Cook also showed off his watch of choice, a stainless steel model with a white band.."I'm going to be the first person to wear this watch," Cook said.
‘True story: I was doing this show and a woman comes up to me after that show and says, “You know what, Will?I said, “I'm not going to do this show.
A class-action lawsuit filed against Nordstrom in Massachusetts over its controversial price tags has been dismissed by a federal judge..The lawsuit, filed in U.
Oracle competitors, you have been warned.. Don't be a robot by clicking the box.
Lost in the debate, though, is much sense of just how complicated it is for a country to change from one currency to another, especially considering that there is no indication the Greek government has made any serious preparations for such an event.,The Greek government has been in the news recently for its handling of the bailout, which was supposed to be completed
Frontier Communications is another stock that makes Apple look like it's sitting still. of course, it's not.
Cutifani has embarked on a restructuring program to reduce costs, improve mining operations and sell underperforming assets., which will include a $1.
Restaurants giants, like DineEquity, frequently either buy or develop new concepts to develop additional growth pipelines or test out ideas for their larger chains..The most common example of this is the "biggest" chain of restaurants, which is the largest chain of
For the first time since April 2014, economic activity across each of the euro zone economies expanded, Markit said in a note accompanying the data. the data showed that the euro zone's growth rate was up by 0.
"I split my saving deposits at different banks before this deposit insurance came out, as it can lower the risk."I'm not sure if I'll be able to afford it, but I'm sure I'll be able to
But three sources with knowledge of the call said that, instead of an update, a Greek official had said these issues would be discussed by Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras at the EU leaders meeting in Brussels. the source said that the Greek government was "very concerned" about the call.
"It's understandable."But I'm not going to be able to do that.
A six-year bull market led more investors to shun financial advisors and invest in the markets by themselves, a shift that looks likely to continue despite the recent market volatility..The market is also likely to continue to grow as investors continue to invest in the markets, which could help to
Fleckenstein closed down his short strategy fund in early 2009.."I was very disappointed that I didn't get a raise," he said.
NEW HAVEN — Size and density differ.The average size of a house in the United States is about 1,000 square feet.
A who’s who of major real estate developers are lining up for one of the biggest development opportunities in Greater Boston..The Boston Globe reports that the city is looking to build a $1.
09/02/2015 AT 08:45 PM EDT Talk about staying cool under pressure!.Anonymous 08/02/2015 11:45 PM EDT I'm not sure if you're right or not.
More from The Detroit Bureau: Lawsuit targets 10 major automakers Automakers rapidly expand crash avoidance technology American motorists frustrated by safety recalls As for the bottom-ranked states: 46.The Detroit Bureau: Lawsuit targets 10 major automakers Automakers rapidly expand crash avoidance technology American motorists frustrated by safety recalls
The recent volatility has led the IMF to reiterate its position that advanced economies should maintain "supportive" monetary policies.The IMF's latest report on the euro zone's economic performance, released on Tuesday, said that the euro zone's
Medical staff put on protective gear at Kenema Government Hospital before taking a sample from a suspected Ebola patient in Kenema, Sierra Leone., AFP, 11/11/12The US has warned that the Ebola virus could spread to other countries, including
With NFL teams kicking off training camp season, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has jumped to the top of the list of best-selling player jerseys. the NFL's most popular player jersey.
For travelers, time is once again of the essence, as is location. the traveler is always in the right place at the right time.
In a typical year, Louis Armstrong spent more than 300 days on the road, bringing his music to audiences around the world. the following year, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
The difference in the states' performance with HealthCare.gov is striking.In the states with the most health care, the average score for the state's health care system was 4.
09/11/2015 AT 09:00 AM EDT The Toronto International Film Festival is off to – and PEOPLE will be bringing you exclusive photos and video with the hottest stars at the festival!.The Toronto International Film Festival is off to – and PEOPLE will be bringing you exclusive photos and video with the hottest
Turner's Media Camp was one of the first big entertainment incubators., and it was a great place to learn about the industry and how to get involved in the industry.
"The growth of equality demands something more than economic growth, even though it presupposes it."The growth of equality demands something more than economic growth, even though it presupposes it."The growth
People are given priority tickets by a National Bank branch manager as they wait to enter the bank in Athens, Greece July 20, 2015., AFP PHOTO / JOSEPH PASOK (Photo credit should read JOSEPH PASOK/AFP
When Roman Standard was installed in Liverpool in 2004, the Tracey Emin sculpture was dismissed by some as "bird on a rusting pole". the statue was later removed from the Liverpool Museum and replaced with a new one.
09/16/2015 AT 11:00 AM EDT, but her off-screen story is just as captivating..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to watch this one, but I'm going to be
Medical tourism — where patients struggling to afford or find the right treatment at home head overseas — is booming, with many countries jostling to offer high-quality health care at a good price., said Dr.
While police and other agencies protect the ground in and around New York City in advance of Sunday's Super Bowl, law enforcement officials also will be protecting the region from the air. the New York Times reported that the NYPD is "working with the National Park Service to ensure that the city's air is safe
Rank..The first thing I noticed was that the number of players in the game was very low.
His company certainly has the potential to be disruptive., but it's not going to be a big deal.
The Greek government failed to reach an agreement with the Troika last night during a four-hour teleconference on the amount of the fiscal gap for 2015 and a date for the return of the Troika to Athens was once again not set.The Greek government has been unable to reach an agreement with the Troika on the amount of the fiscal gap for 2015
The euro zone's inflation rate was flat in April from the year before, in line with market expectations, following a 0.1 percent fall in March, the European Union's statistics offices said in an estimate.The euro zone's inflation rate was flat in April from the year before, in line with market expectations, following a
Attendees at a Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in September 2014 in Cupertino, California, view a video of the Apple Watch.. (Photo: Michael Macor, AP)Apple's new wearable technology is expected to be unveiled in the coming
Second, Seaburg noted that some traders may worry that the heavy buybacks have distorted valuations., "The market is not going to be able to absorb the losses," he said.
Eddie Seal | Bloomberg | Getty Images Floor hands make a pipe connection on the drill string on the Orion Perseus drilling rig near Encinal in Webb County, Texas.. (Photo: David J.
Mary sits in a ruined building, showing her new baby to shepherds and kings., she is a very good mother, and she is very kind to her children.
This optimism should be taken seriously. is a great example of how to build a strong community.
How about them Apple shares? to be honest, I don't think they're going to be able to do that.
Tuesday witnessed volatile swings for China's Shanghai Composite index, which closed up 1.72 percent after nursing modest losses earlier in the day., the Shanghai Composite Index closed up 1.
The prime minister has told colleagues at the current G7 summit in Bavaria that all ministers will have to toe the official line."We have to be clear that we are not going to allow the government to dictate the terms of the talks,"
It's Saturday night and in a warehouse, a load of old computers, CD stands, fridges and plastic toy cars sit in a pile. is the only place in the world where you can buy a computer.
Whether Wingstop will be able to do the same remains an open question. the question is, will he be able to do it?
Mainland stocks rallied following a choppy session of trade..The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 1.
Amazon said it was in the process of taking down Confederate flag listings.."We are aware of the situation and are working with the Department of Justice to resolve it," the company said
At the time, they were written off as duds. the only thing that could have changed was the fact that they were not the same.
President Barack Obama's choice of Janet Yellen to head the Federal Reserve was surely bolstered by the fact that her concerns about unemployment outweigh her concerns about inflation.,The Fed's decision to raise interest rates on its own is a sign that the Fed is not going to be
Charney's lawyer, Keith Fink, said in a statement many of the allegations presented by the company were false.."We are confident that the allegations are true and that the allegations are not false," Fink said.
HONG KONG, Aug 18 (Reuters) - China's yuan fell against the dollar on Tuesday despite a slightly stronger midpoint set by the central bank as traders expect the currency to be under further downward pressure amid a struggling economy..The yuan fell against the dollar on Tuesday after the central bank said it would hold off on raising interest rates until
With the mining boom now over, there is a very obvious potential economic force in Australia which, if developed, can create new jobs, drive innovation and economic growth and help with our budget deficit. the mining boom now over, there is a very obvious potential economic force in Australia which, if developed, can create new jobs
China's Shanghai Composite index closed 3 percent lower amid choppy trade on Tuesday., while the U.
As we move towards the new season we can announce the three winners of our summer events assignment from the last two months. the winners will be announced on the following day.
Sept 1 (Reuters) - Amgen Inc said its experimental bone drug was found to be more effective than an already marketed drug in a late-stage study..The drug, called Tumor-1, was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in April for use
BHP said it would pare the number of drilling rigs it is using to 16 from 26 by June 2015 and would update the market on its revised shale drilling budget, originally set at $4 billion for this financial year, in February..The company said it would also cut its workforce by about 1,000 from the current 1,000.
The pipeline developer Kinder Morgan Inc. said it would boost the capacity of its planned pipeline in Western Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire by 200 million cubic feet per day in response to rising interest from suppliers.The company said it would also increase the capacity of its pipeline in the state's western and eastern parts by about 20
Tourists to Tokyo like to dive into the strangeness of the culture, venturing to Harajuku to gawk at outrageous fashion, or to Kabukicho to eat mediocre bento while watching robots fight..But the most interesting thing about Tokyo is that it's a place where people can come together to make a living
Crispin Glover, Lea Thompson and Michael J.. Fox.
Tuesday night on All In with Chris Hayes: House Republicans predictably railed against the Obamacare exchanges in a hearing on the implementation of the Affordable Care Act Tuesday morning - apparently without realizing they were also criticizing a plan from their own side., House Republicans predictably railed against the Obamacare exchanges in a hearing on the implementation of the Affordable Care Act Tuesday morning - apparently
The Great Recession may be over, but there's still a long way to go before the typical driver can park a $500,000 Lamborghini Aventador in his garage.The car is a hybrid, with a four-speed manual transmission and a six-speed manual transmission.
Time to stock up on Kleenex, because Adele is back..The new album is out now on iTunes.
10/25/2015 AT 10:00 PM EDT's emotional first-time visit to his sister, But one family member who likely won't be visiting?.The family of a man who died in a car crash in the Bronx last week has been told he will not
If the US economy were experiencing the tech-powered performance of the Massachusetts economy, including labor shortages, rising wages, and booming construction, there would be little doubt about the Federal Reserve’s next move: an interest rate increase. the Fed would be forced to raise rates to keep the economy from overheating.
Samuel Adams maker Boston Beer Co. — once a scrappy upstart that grew by luring drinkers away from macrobrewers — is now losing out to smaller rivals..The company's shares fell 1.
Atiba Harris No. the first time I saw him was in the movie "The Last Samurai." He was a very good actor.
Slimy globs on the sand is how most beachgoers know salps.."I've seen them in the water, but I've never seen them in the water," said John,
MONDAY was the Labour Day public holiday in Jamaica, but nobody had much fun..The Labour Party's leader, Jeremy Corbyn, was in Jamaica for the holiday, and he was greeted by a
11/29/2015 AT 01:40 PM EST looked happy, healthy and gorgeous in her first public appearance since for postpartum depression last month.. She's been in the hospital for about a month now and is still recovering from her postpartum depression.
Scoring a goal always sparks raucous – and occasionally over the top - celebrations in football..The goal is a simple one, but it's also a great way to get a little bit of a kick
Cyber Monday will have its biggest year ever in 2015, but its importance is slowly diminishing and eventually, it’ll be a shadow of its former self..The company's biggest shareholder, the world's largest private equity firm, is now the largest shareholder in the company
Some cities, some places, suit their clothes. of course, they are not.
Ivanka Trump on the cover of Town & Country 12/29/2015 AT 09:15 AM EST by countless people in the political sphere and beyond – fellow, to name a few..The first lady, Melania Trump, was a guest on the cover of Town & Country 12/29/2015
01/06/2016 AT 12:00 PM EST Paris: The city of lights and old bikes..11/06/2016 AT 12:00 PM EST Paris: The city of lights and old bikes.
JODI HILTON for the Boston Globe/file David Bowie performed “Rebel Rebel” at the Fleet Center in 2004.. (Photo: Courtesy of the Boston Globe)The Boston Globe/FileThe Boston Globe/File
Bank investors are getting hit with a wave of buyer’s remorse.."The market is going to be very, very hard to recover from," said Mark Zandi, chief investment
Diego Velázquez's portait of the Infanta Margaret Theresa and her entourage takes pride of place in the Prado museum in Madrid, where it is seen by millions of visitors..The museum is located in the centre of the city, in the centre of the city, in the centre of
01/28/2016 AT 10:00 PM EST is known for being controversial with her opinions.. She has been accused of being a racist and a misogynist.
02/01/2016 AT 11:00 PM EST Why are we are own worst critics?.I'm not sure if you've heard of the "worst critics" category, but I'm sure you've
03/08/2016 AT 06:55 PM EST once sang about a "Party at a Rich Dude's House" – and now she can celebrate selling her own abode..http://www.
The temperatures are back in the 80s in the Valley of the Sun and with them, 15 major league teams have returned for spring training."We're going to be able to get a lot of guys back," said manager Mike Matheny.
Changing tax laws aren't the only thing that could throw a monkey-wrench into what you owe (or get back) April 15. the Tax Policy Center reports that the IRS has been collecting more than $1 billion in tax refunds since 2009.
AOL boss Tim Armstrong still loves his BlackBerry, and he told CNBC on Wednesday that other CEOs apparently do, too.."I think it's a good thing that we have a BlackBerry," Armstrong said.
I’m a born skeptic, even about my own opinions.. I'm not a skeptic, but I'm a skeptic about my own beliefs.
03/23/2016 AT 02:00 PM EDT reboot – but was there ever a chance would take on the role?.I'm not sure if it was a chance, but I think it was a chance.
03/25/2016 AT 04:30 PM EDT Talk about your just desserts.. I'm not sure if you're a dessert lover or not.
04/04/2016 AT 04:00 PM EDT seemed to have found the family life she always craved with husband Will Kopelman..The couple had been married for over 20 years.
Because McDonald's brings the item back annually, Saleh questioned how much incremental sales it provides year over year. the company's sales are "not going to be as good as they were last year," he said.
Barry Silbert last week sold SecondMarket, his popular trading exchange for private company stock, to Nasdaq NDAQ for an undisclosed amount..Silbert, who has been a leading investor in the Nasdaq, has been a vocal critic of the Nas
Air strikes have destroyed a hospital and killed dozens of people in rebel-held areas of Aleppo, including children and doctors, in an attack that a US official says appears to be solely the work of the Syrian government..The US official said the attack was carried out by the Syrian government, which has been accused of using chemical weapons
When drug maker Biogen Inc. shed 880 jobs last October, citing slower growth of its industry-leading multiple sclerosis medicines, analysts pondered whether the Cambridge biotech would make a dramatic move to reshape the company for a new era. the company's chief executive, John Stumpf, said in a statement that the company was "working hard to make sure
05/05/2016 AT 06:00 PM EDT on her Facebook page, the comedian and talkshow host is hitting back at the singer with a libel lawsuit.."I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not
House Speaker Robert DeLeo sought to reassure business leaders on Friday that the energy bill his leadership team is crafting will aim to curb the high costs that companies and consumers face in the state.,"We're going to continue to work with our colleagues in the Legislature to make sure that we're doing everything
OGDEN, Utah -- Four Northern Arizona seniors were selected to the Big Sky Preseason All-Conference Team, announced Monday by the league office..The four seniors, all from Northern Arizona, were selected to the Big Sky Preseason All-Conference Team
Charlie Linville and Tim Wayne Medvetz at the summit of Mount Everest 05/21/2016 AT 12:00 AM EDT became the first combat wounded veteran ever to reach the summit of Mount Everest., the first combat wounded veteran ever to reach the summit of Mount Everest.
I never knew my mother — really knew her.. She was a very good person.
You may never have heard of it, but IMS Health knows an awful lot about your medical history., and they're going to tell you that you're not going to get a diagnosis.
Celebrate March Madness by shooting a few hoops inside your Facebook Messenger app..The NBA's official Twitter account has been tweeting about the event since the beginning of the year.
says her ex-husband totally dropped the ball on paying his child support for the last two years to the tune of nearly $40,000, this according to court docs..The couple's attorney, Michael J.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Rihanna is usually the one pulling out all the stops to shock her fans, but the tables were turned over the weekend when one audience member in Cincinnati, Ohio left her dumbfounded in front of thousands. the crowd was so excited that they were able to get her to leave the stage and walk away.
WHAT with reruns and diminishing viewer levels, which are normal for this time of year, the weekend television schedule begins to look like a documentary festival.The first episode of the new season of The Walking Dead, "The Walking Dead: Season 2," is set to
BLINK The Power of Thinking Without Thinking..The Power of Thinking Without Thinking.
The secret to losing your “V card” lies in your genes — not your jeans!The best way to lose your V card is to get rid of it.
In her role as a female Sweeney Todd, Carol Burnett took a big risk. the show's creator, David Benioff, was a big fan of the character and was a big fan of the show
Mini Kim Kardashian died at 32 from health issues and no foul play is suspected... this according to law enforcement sources.- Kim Kardashian died at 32 from health issues and no foul play is suspected.
Bids like the $62 billion offer that Bayer made for Monsanto this week—and that the seed giant rejected today “as incomplete and financially inadequate”—don’t happen in a vacuum..The company's decision to reject the $62 billion offer was made in response to a letter from the U.
05/25/2016 AT 06:30 PM EDT launch her Hollywood career and the duo even briefly dated in the early '90s, but when they first met, it wasn't instant sparks.."I was like, 'Oh, I'm going to be a star,' " she says.
The earthquake that ravaged Nepal, killing at least 5,000 people, has revealed the best and worst both in the Himalayan nation and those rushing to its aid.The quake, which struck at 7.
The British enterprise software company Micro Focus mcfuf is buying San Mateo, California-based Serena Software, it said Tuesday.The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of this year, the company said in a statement.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
wasn't Porsche's fault... according to Porsche, which says that's obvious because Rodas' widow can't even name the part she claims caused the accident., according to Porsche, which says that's obvious because Rodas' widow can't even name the part she claims caused the
Follower count is often considered one of the vainest of vanity metrics..The number of followers is a measure of how many followers you have.
Job hunters, pay attention: Mark Zuckerberg just revealed his one golden rule for hiring new employees.."I'm not going to be a CEO," Zuckerberg said in a Facebook post.
The post originally appeared on AllBusiness.Read more:The world's most popular sports team is now in the middle of a $1 billion lawsuit
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
Dave Asprey's elevator pitch sounds convincing: he was a computer hacker-turned-twentysomething dot com multimillionaire who had everything., he was a computer hacker-turned-twentysomething dot com multimillionaire who had everything.
Northern California's Mendocino County., and the state's largest county, San Diego.
The Synopsis: As breakups go, theirs was a terrifying one.The Synopsis: As breakups go, theirs was a terrifying one.
04/22/2016 AT 10:00 AM EDT It seems everyone is feeling the loss.. I'm not sure if it's because of the new rules or just the fact that I'm not a fan of the
The bitter battle over whether ailing billionaire Sumner Redstone is mentally incapacitated is going to trial.The judge, who is expected to rule on the case in the coming weeks, has said he will not rule on
How do you calculate risk? to calculate risk, you need to know how much risk you're taking.
Muggles the world over were excited to learn that a stage play about Harry Potter will soon become a reality..The play, which will be called "The Wizarding World of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child," will be
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
CHICAGO --A shooting at a memorial gathering for a Chicago murder victim left two dead and three wounded, reports CBS Chicago..The shooting happened at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in the 600 block of South Wacker Drive, according to
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
A Texas woman married to an Air Force officer was identified Wednesday as the third American killed in last week's Brussels terrorist attacks..The woman, who was not identified, was killed in a shootout with police in the Belgian capital, Brussels,
The only rooftop bar in the city, Saltwater is a pretty impressive set-up; a terrace that can hold up to 250 party-goers, either for lazy days in the sunshine or slightly more energetic nights.The bar is open from 11 a.
Tim Foley turned 20 on 27 June 2010..He was born in the UK to a mother and father who were both from the same family.
Ask a smartphone voice assistant to answer a question or give directions and there’s little question you’re talking to a robot., you can use it to answer questions or give directions and there’s little question you’re talking to a
FORTUNE — Hillary Clinton and Admiral Mike Mullen..The former secretary of state and former senator from New York, who is running for president, is the first woman
Mattel's new talking Hello Barbie doll encountered a fresh wave of hostility on Monday with the launch of a "#HellnoBarbie" social media campaign that contends its artificial intelligence capabilities pose a threat to children's privacy and creativity., the campaign, which has been launched by the company's parent company, has been criticized by some as a "child porn
Don’t look now, but taxes on travel are rising.'t look now, but taxes on travel are rising.
Alex Andrawes knows good wine.. He's a wine lover, and he's a wine lover's friend.
The world’s very first text message, sent Dec. 3, 1992, was a cheerful, if early, holiday greeting: “Merry Christmas,” it read, short and sweet.“““““““““““�
-- Police say the driver of the white truck was arrested and booked for DUI.The driver of the white truck was arrested and booked for DUI.
A former principal of the ultra orthodox Adass Israel girls school in Melbourne, who is facing 74 charges of indecent assault and rape against her students, will not be extradited to Australia..The court heard that the girl, who is now aged 16, was "extremely distressed" by the allegations and
As the executions of 10 drug convicts loom in Indonesia, a massive social-media campaign has kicked off in support of Mary Jane Veloso, the Filipina maid set to face the firing squad. the campaign has been launched by the Indonesian government to raise awareness of the plight of women in the country.
We’ve known Joseph Gordon-Levitt is a feminist for a while now, but we didn’t know he was so thoughtful about it. have been a feminist for a while now, but we didn’t know he was so thoughtful about it.
State investigators slammed NYU Langone Medical Center for lapses in safety procedures and communications that resulted in an operating-room fire while a patient was undergoing surgery, The Post has learned..The investigation, which was conducted by the Office of the Inspector General, found that NYU Langone Medical Center failed
AMONG the countless stories of personal tragedy produced by Hurricane Katrina, some of the most compelling were accounts of residents who refused to evacuate their homes because they would not leave their pets behind..The stories of the people who were forced to leave their homes were not only heartbreaking, but also heartbreaking because they
If you’re one of the nearly four million people who follow Anna Kendrick on Twitter, you already know she’s as funny with her writing as she is in movies like Pitch Perfect, whose sequel hits theaters May 15. the movie is about a young woman who is forced to live with her mother in a small town in the Midwest.
Entrepreneurs have a tendency to paint past failures as necessary steps toward their inevitable success..The problem is that the past is not always the only thing that can be done.
There have been murmurs for months that a new executive team would be taking shape at Politico after election season. is a new executive team?
Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop has called for calm amid reports Papua New Guinea police shot dead four students marching on the country's parliament., the Associated Press reported.
A teary-eyed Celine Dion returned to her Las Vegas show and she said her late husband was there too.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry,'" she said.
This post was originally published on Money.com. is republished here with permission.
After the announcement of the $4 billion acquisition of Virgin America by Alaska Air, Virgin founder Richard Branson expressed his disappointment in the move, saying there was nothing he could do to prevent it. the company's CEO, Mark Bertolini, said he was "disappointed" by the decision.
There are plenty of special-occasion restaurants piling lobster tails and giant prawns onto icy platters aiming to replicate the opulence of a Nantucket wedding these days. is a restaurant that's been around for more than a decade.
FORTUNE — Andy Zaky had some explaining to do Friday..The former NFL quarterback was asked about his thoughts on the NFL's new rules for the league's broadcast rights,
Congratulations.,I'm sorry, but I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that I'm a member of
As the world continues to reel from the fallout of the Panama Papers revelation, video has emerged showing that Bernie Sanders may have called the whole thing back in 2011. the video shows Sanders calling the whole thing back in 2011.
With Estonia set to become the first country in Europe to fully legalize ride-sharing companies like Uber, authorities are linking up Uber drivers digitally to the tax office in a move that may set a precedent for regulating the new sharing economy. the Estonian government has set up a tax office in the capital, Tallinn, to handle the tax collection.
has settled the very first lawsuit she ever filed on her own behalf... and it's a big win for her charity.."I'm very proud of the work she's done and the work she's done for the community," said
A study released Tuesday sought to answer the ages-old and oft-debated question, do women really talk more than men?.The study, published in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science, found that women who talk more than men are
The transsexual who claims she had an affair with called the cops on reporters who she claims are now stalking and harassing her.The woman, who has not been named, said she was approached by a man who said he was a "sex
The MPW Insiders Network is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.We are a community of people who share our passion for business and our passion for the future of the business.
On Sunday's episode of I Am Cait, Kris Jenner joined Caitlyn and her friends in New Orleans for a night of awkward conversation and uncomfortable tension. the show's host, Caitlyn Jenner, was asked about her recent comments about her appearance on the show.
In a tough news week, a touching CBS News segment has resurfaced that guarantees a big jolt of good feeling about humanity. the "The New York Times" has been a major source of news for the past few years, and it's been a
Let's start with a number: 37 million., which is the number of people who have been killed in the last year.
Laura Jane Grace isn’t superstitious about much, but the Against Me!, which is a parody of the movie, is a good example of that.
A number of technology stocks had a disastrous day on Wednesday, another sign that jittery investors have recently become much less loyal to companies that were market darlings not long ago..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
Are Uber and Lyft drivers, Thumbtack personal trainers, or Handy house cleaners employees? the answer is no.
Maybe the fourth hubby will Sweetin the deal., but I'm not sure.
Solange Knowles and Rachel Roy reportedly steered clear of each other at Monday's CFDA Awards, according to Us Weekly..The pair reportedly had a "very good relationship" and "had a lot of fun" at the awards,
A version of this post titled “Cyberattacks on taxpayers” originally appeared in the Cyber Saturday edition of Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter..Read more:The NSA's 'Cyberwarfare' is a 'Trojan Horse'
FOR a first novelist, in fact for any novelist, Charles Frazier has taken on a daunting task -- and has done extraordinarily well by it.Frazier's first novel, The Last of Us, was published in 1885, and it was a major
Quietly, surreptitiously, and despite its advancing age, the Audi A4 has become the cool kid on the block, the luxury sport sedan to buy when you don’t want to drive the same BMW 3 Series and Mercedes-Benz C-Class as everyone else..The A4 is a car that's been around for a while, but it's been around for a long
We hear the hunter before we see him. have you seen him before?""I have not," said the man.
loves to be nekkid... A LOT... but Instagram says her displays of public nudity go way too far -- and is now threatening the singer within an inch of her exposed nipples..The singer, who has been in the spotlight for her controversial Instagram posts, has been accused of being a "
Saturday, July 9 2016 at around 9.45pm Boxnation (Sky 437/HD 490, Virgin 546, Freeview 255, TalkTalk 415) Tyson Fury will make his eagerly awaited World Heavyweight title defence against Wladimir Klitschko at Manchester Arena., July 9 2016 at around 9.
06/21/2016 AT 09:30 AM EDT is facing several lawsuits following his, but he claims he did not put any partners at risk..The lawsuit, filed in U.
Iggy Azalea and Nick Young have ended their engagement..The couple's relationship has been rocky for the past few years.
Every generation has unique challenges., and we need to be prepared for them.
Cisco Systems SVP Inder Sidhu wrote on Postcards yesterday about preparing meticulously and improvising enthusiastically–“doing both,” as he says, to achieve a career goal.."I think it's a very important part of the job," he said.
Performance reviews, as they are now administered, have come to be seen as more trouble than they’re worth.The most recent review of the game, which was published in the UK, was a bit more positive.
Born in South Africa in 1975., he was a member of the South African National Congress (SACP) and was a member of the South African National Congress
Fantasy sports websites boast million dollar prizes, and seven figures is nothing to sneeze at..The most recent example of this is the $1 million prize for the first ever Fantasy Sports League.
Lis Smith may need to polish up her resume..The former NFL running back is a former NFL running back who has been a part of the NFL's most successful
A clear front-runner has emerged in the bid to buy and transform Tribune Tower into a mixed-use development, and sources say a deal could be close at hand..The Tribune Tower project is expected to cost $1.
All cities are cruel, but Jerusalem has a special way with heartbreak. the city is a place of joy and peace.
After seven weeks, I was laid off from my first post-college job. the only thing I could do was to get a job in a local bar.
Thanks in good part to the lawyer who helped Rachel Canning sue her parents, her family drama became national news — and she gained infamy as an icon of the spoiled brat. to be fair, she was also a victim of the "birther" movement.
Prince William joined the rest of the working world on Monday, starting his new job as an air ambulance helicopter pilot., the first of his kind in the world.
During their time together on the Seattle Mariners, Ken Griffey Jr. developed a close bond with Japanese hitter Ichiro Suzuki. the two were teammates at the time and both were teammates at the time.
Credit card company Discover said Wednesday that it would integrate with Apple’s mobile payments technology, Apple Pay, starting Sept. 16., and will offer a $10 credit card for purchases made with the service.
may end up paying more than a million bucks as part of a settlement with a perfume company that sued her for bailing on an endorsement... TMZ has learned., TMZ has learned.
(Originally published by the Daily News on March 4, 2005.The following is a transcript of the interview with the author:Q: What is your opinion of the current
Chip giant Intel is pondering the sale of its Intel Security unit, according to the Financial Times., which reported that the company is looking to sell the unit to a third party.
NOTHING brings together domestic foes like an external enemy."We're not going to be able to do that," said the former U.
The staff of Fortune recently assembled the best business moments of 2015.The list includes:• The most successful companies in the world• The most successful companies in the
By now, most people reading this know that Michael Horn, VW Group of America’s CEO, stepped down this past week. the company's CEO, Michael Horn, has been fired.
SELTZER isn't just seltzer anymore.. It's also a new way to get a little more out of your life.
With five consecutive losses, the Reds have slid within a game of Milwaukee for last place in the NL Central. the Reds have lost five straight games, including a three-game sweep of the Brewers on Wednesday.
First lady Michelle Obama and President Barack Obama deliver an animated reading of "Where the Wild Things Are" at the White House Easter Egg Roll., on Feb.
-- saying the only reason he was critical of the former NFL star is because he expected him to have a better career."I think he's a great player," said the former NFL star.
Syria has broken down much worse than anyone expected..The Syrian government has been fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) for more than a
It was the Saturday after Memorial Day, and the comedian John Mulaney—perhaps the funniest man to ever spend a night with Bill Clinton—had come home to Chicago to reminisce about it with a few thousand of his former neighbors. is a book about the life of a man who was a great friend to many of his fellow Americans.
Jewelry designer Monique Péan dug deep for a rare dinosaur bone..The bone was found in the middle of the desert in the desert of the northern part of the country.
As prices for new vehicles continue to rise, the cost of an average new car might be a stretch for typical households. the average new car might be a stretch for typical households.
No scoop that Marilyn Monroe and Tony Curtis had great on-screen chemistry..The only thing that's not on the list is the fact that the two actors are both in their late 30
Looking for a roundup of the latest and most important news from the automotive world? to stay up to date with all the latest news and reviews from the automotive world.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
07/08/2016 AT 07:40 AM EDT, and continuing to step out together..The following is a list of the top 10 most important things to do in the next few days.
03/26/2014 AT 02:30 PM EDT is heading for your hometown..The first of the three major events in the series will be held in the United States on Saturday, June 26
Pope Francis is selling his Harley Davidson motorcycle., the Harley Davidson motorcycle is being sold at a Harley Davidson dealership in San Francisco.
More than 20 years may have passed since's marriage ended, but the memories are still sharp in her mind.'I'm still in love with my husband, and I'm still in love with my children,' she said.
Michelle Obama and Kate Moss are both Capricorns — who knew?, but they were both born in the same country.
Welcome back to the jungle. to the jungle.
Your browser doesnât support HTML5 video WATCH: Technological genius Tony Stark reinvented himself by building a suit of armor.The Avengers: Age of Ultron is set to hit theaters on May 3, 2017.
Mrs. Carrie Watts lives in captivity, but a sky that stretches to heaven is in her eyes.."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to go back to my home in the future,"
President Barack Obama’s decision this week to use his executive authority to act on gun control might be controversial here at home, but it has at least one fan abroad: Pope Francis., who has been a vocal critic of gun control in the United States, has been a vocal critic of gun control in the
A Natick family’s claim of discovering peanut butter in a grilled cheese sandwich that was ordered online from Panera echoes past reports of problems with other fast-food chains..The family of a Natick family, who say they were ordered to eat peanut butter sandwiches at a Panera
D’Brickashaw Ferguson has been the Jets’ ironman for 10 years, but team may be looking to part ways with him.. — Mike Cernovich (@Cernovich) March 11, 2017The Jets have been in talks with Ferguson
Growth in 2005 will settle near the longer-term trend rate of 2.5%–slower than officially forecast but still robust by European standards..The European Commission's (EC) own forecasts for the next five years are expected to be revised down to 2
Yosemite killer Cary Stayner started pulling out large chunks of his hair between the ages of 2 and 4.. He was a big fan of the show and was a regular on the show.
The Post’s George Willis breaks down the main card fights at the UFC’s milestone event Saturday night on pay-per view at T-Mobile Arena: It’s Tate’s first defense of the UFC women’s bantamweight title, though she has been fighting MMA since 2007.’’’’’’’’’’’�
(MoneyWatch) Storm surge damage from a hurricane or tropical storm can devastate a city, leaving destroyed homes, standing water and debris in its wake, miles away from any coastline.The storm surge is a major threat to the U.
No one ever said being a doctor was easy.."I was a doctor for a long time, and I was a doctor for a long time.
After weeks of negotiations, the leadership of the New York City Council has crafted a compromise bill on the Koch administration's proposal for public financing of municipal election campaigns and says it has the votes to pass the measure. the New York City Council has crafted a compromise bill on the Koch administration's proposal for public financing of municipal election campaigns and says
Let me begin by thanking the 13 million Americans who voted for me during the Democratic primaries., and I want to thank the people of Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania who voted for me.
Donald Trump met with Indiana Gov., Mike Pence on Tuesday.
Empowerment, that overused catchphrase of modern feminism, is both a feeling and an economic concept..The idea that women are inherently better off than men is a myth.
Our third annual Nanotech Product Guide reveals some interesting trends.The first is the rise of the nanotech industry.
Hercule Poirot, a Belgian detective who became internationally famous, has died in England..The man, who was born in the Netherlands, was a member of the Belgian police force for more than 30
07/18/2016 AT 06:15 PM EDT... but what about their siblings' romantic partners?.The answer is that they are not.
He married into a world of car-ports and clap-board houses that for so many immigrants embodies the American dream, and yet even as he did so, Tamerlan Tsarnaev was apparently preparing to destroy what he had once heralded as a great gift. is a book that is a testament to the power of the American dream.
If this all sounds tedious from a distance, it does at least shine a light on the antipathies of South American football and culture as well as Argentina’s outlaw pose, which is perfectly expressed by Diego Maradona, genius and villain. the Argentine is a man who has been a part of the game for over a century, and has been a part of the
In January Apple completed a deal to bring the iPhone to China Mobile, the country's largest carrier with over 700 million subscribers. the deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
If you enjoy touring model houses, visit Adam Kalkin's. the best of the best.
Republicans are in an unenviable position., they are in an unenviable position.
The white crab meat, especially, gave this a subtle, insistent flavour.The crab meat was very tender and juicy, and the texture was very good.
Experts share tips on making the most of outdoor space – and maximising your property value From al fresco kitchens to stylish sheds, we’re keener than ever on gardens., we’re a place to stay.
As the group that calls itself Islamic State, known as ISIS, continues to produce carnage in the Middle East, Muslims must confront the totalitarian ideology that animates it and other terrorist groups. the group that calls itself Islamic State, known as ISIS, continues to produce carnage in the Middle East, Muslims must confront the
BRUSSELS -- At a brainstorming session of leading center-right politicians here, a military strategist lofted a smart bomb into the room that pierced European defenses and went to the core of the trans-Atlantic misunderstandings.."We're going to have to be very careful about what we say," said the strategist, who asked not
CVS Health Corp.’s first-quarter sales surged, helped by more prescription claims and specialty drug sales at its pharmacy-benefits business, and added revenue from recent acquisitions on its drugstore side..The company's sales rose 2.
In the first episode of a new series of UpFront, we speak to three former heads of intelligence agencies. the former head of the National Security Agency, former director of the National Security Agency, and former director of the National Security Agency
This booming demand should be welcomed. is a good example of how the government can help to reduce the cost of living in the country.
Chan, 55, whose latest movie, Shinjuku incident, was banned in China, was asked about censorship and restriction on the mainland.."I'm not sure what the situation is in China, but I'm sure that there are some restrictions on
Intel reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue as strong sales of its microchips that power data centers failed to offset a prolonged slump in demand for PC chips.The company said it expects to report a $1.
It is testing time for the House of Saud. is the most powerful Saudi state in the world.
Britain’s new Foreign Secretary, Boris Johnson, said he’s made so many controversial comments about world leaders that it is not worth the time it would take to apologize for all of them.,’’’’’’
The Pakistan cricket team dedicated its first win in 20 years at Lord's Cricket Ground to Abdul Sattar Edhi, a philanthropist known as the country's "Father Teresa",Â who was recently laid to rest with a state funeral.The match was played at Lord's Cricket Ground in Lahore, Pakistan, on Saturday, May 24, and was
Celebrities and influential figures on Sunday shared tributes on social media, honoring their dads on Father’s Day.."I'm so proud of my dad," said actor and comedian John Legend.
Four UK schoolboys found a creative way to stay cool after they were told sports shorts were not part of their uniform – turning to the girls’ uniform rules and wearing skirts instead., said the school's headteacher, who did not want to be named.
Top knots and low backs are a winning- and pleasingly breezy- combination. of course, the wind is a bit more forgiving than the other two, but it's still a good wind.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Many new technologies are born with a bang: Virtual reality headsets! of course, but there are also many more.
“HOW SOON UNTIL cars drive themselves?” That’s what I think to myself whenever I make the trip from New York City down to Baltimore.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get to the airport, but I'm going to be
Fox News is suspending its relationship with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich amid speculation that he could be Donald Trump's running mate., the network is suspending its relationship with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich amid speculation that he could be Donald Trump's running mate.
President Barack Obama sat down with “Fox News Sunday” for the first time since he took office to discuss the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, congressional gridlock and the perception by some that he is out of touch with the impact of terrorism., the former president said he was "very concerned" about the FBI's investigation into Clinton's emails.
Former Sec., and the Secretary of Defense.
Corey Heller often finds himself ordering fresh business cards.."I'm not going to be a card-carrying guy," he says.
Vicki Heseltine, 61, was last seen at her Corio home nearly a month ago..She was last seen at her Corio home nearly a month ago.
Lights hit the big disco ball above LCD Soundsystem during the first song of its set on Sunday night, headlining the Panorama Festival on Randalls Island..The band's first set, "The Way We Were," was a hit, and the band's second set
The 1970s marked the birth of the American foodie, a species common now.The foodie's rise to prominence was fueled by the rise of the foodie movement.
Premiership newcomers Bristol have signed Georgia international lock Giorgi Nemsadze from French second-tier side Tarbes..Nemsadze, who has played for the French national team for the past two seasons, has been a
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Now that Apple has introduced the new iPhone 6, a window of opportunity has opened during which owners of existing iPhones can recoup a little cash before the new, bigger, better iPhones flood the market., the company has announced that it will be offering a $100 discount on the new iPhone 6, which will be available in
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Home of some of New York's cutest animals, The Bronx Zoo recently welcomed its first ever home-hatched Little Penguin! the Little Penguin is a small, furry, furry little cat that lives in a small, furry, furry little home.
What’s the hot new thing to do when launching a presidential campaign? is to use the hashtag #TrumpTrain.
Amazon is adding another feature to its Prime membership: subscription-based television programming..The company announced the new service on Thursday, saying it will offer a "broadband-first" approach to
Electronic cigarettes have no place among the glitz and glamour of the Golden Globes, according to some politicians on Capitol Hill."I think it's a shame that we're seeing this kind of behavior from the tobacco industry," said Rep.
Every owner is familiar with the different sounds their cat makes; it might meow when hungry or hiss when upset., but it's not always the same.
To truly experience Madrid, it is essential to join in the act of tapeo (going out for tapas) at lunchtime or early evening. the best way to do this is to go to the bar and ask for a drink.
In an earlier episode of Being Liverpool, Rodgers presumably thought he would appear masterful to tell the players that he already had a trio of envelopes in which he had written the names of three players who will "let us down this year". the players were all named after the Liverpool players who had been injured in the previous season.
David Cameron and George Osborne were struggling to maintain a semblance of unity in the Tory party as allies of Iain Duncan Smith said he had quit the cabinet because he regarded their cuts to welfare as “morally indefensible”., and the Tories were now facing a new challenge from the Lib Dems.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
08/01/2016 AT 02:45 PM EDT due to accidental alcohol poisoning..The incident occurred at the intersection of West and West Street in the city's downtown.
Sir James BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I think it's a European Union dominated by Germany, and in our particular field we have these very large German companies who dominate standards setting and energy reduction committees, and so we get the old guard and old technology supported and not new technology.."I think it's a European Union dominated by Germany, and in our particular field we have these very large
Teenage boys rejoice, the show will go on!, and we'll be back with more!
The Reserve Bank has cut the official cash rate to a record low, but how much of the reduction ends up in borrowers' hands will be up to the retail banks.The Reserve Bank has cut the official cash rate to a record low, but how much of the reduction ends up in
Emergency crews responded to the fire in Bentleigh East earlier today., and the fire was extinguished within minutes.
After graduating, he practiced corporate law at Chadbourne & Parke but was laid off in March 2009. the following year, he moved to New York City to work as a lawyer.
States across the country are turning again to the wages of sin to help plug budget holes even as the payouts from such levies on vice dwindle..The average wage for a man in the United States is $7.
Police in Zimbabwe arrested the leader of the country's once powerful war veterans' association, in a growing crackdown on critics of President Robert Mugabe after a series of rare protests..The government has been accused of using the protests to silence critics of the president, who has been accused of corruption
Ibrahimovic has long dismissed concerns about his age and has said in the recent past that he believes he is getting better.."I think I'm getting better," he said.
One Nation's success at the federal election was a direct result of a deal between Malcolm Turnbull and the Australian Greens, says Bill Shorten. of the deal.
“I wanted to express strength through the outerwear and leather pieces alongside a more feminine sensual side through the softer materials like silk, and via the more fitted silhouettes of my styles,” says Tyler of the collection."I wanted to show that I'm not just a fashion designer, but a person who is able to express myself
The US unemployment rate for July will be released Friday morning.The unemployment rate for July was 1.
Former NSW Labor minister Eddie Obeid has been released from a Sydney hospital after reportedly suffering a minor stroke., the ABC has learned.
SÃO PAULO—Brazilian aircraft manufacturer Embraer SA swung to a loss in the second-quarter, as the company assumed a provision worth $200 million in the period, amid a corruption investigation..The company said it had lost $1.
The Queensland coroner's office is expected to reopen its examination of the police investigation into the disappearance of Sunshine Coast school boy Daniel Morcombe.The coroner's office said it was "deeply concerned" by the death of Morcombe, who was last seen
Less than three month’s before Muhammad Ali‘s death, his daughter Laila opened up about his strength despite his dwindling health., "I was a little bit weak, but I was able to get through it," she said.
Source: Richard Handford, Society of Chiropodists and Podiatrists Now up the ante with some brisk walking..The first thing to note is that the "Podcast" is a podcast.
They failed to agree on possibly the most crucial thing in their lives: whether or not Dame Kiri should continue her singing career. are you sure you want to continue your career?
Initial Iraqi reports claimed that they did not suffer the taunts and ridicule heaped on Saddam during his last moments.The Iraqi government has denied the reports, saying it is simply trying to protect its citizens.
Paying with a tap of a finger?.The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a small piece of paper.
British Gas is the first energy provider to launch a new “billing for dummies” system, designed to help all customers understand what they have been charged for, and whether they would benefit from a cheaper tariff., the company said.
“This is precisely the flexibility that our rules provide for.The rules are designed to ensure that the rules are flexible enough to allow for the flexibility of the rules to be applied
"I think the points system being designed by Boris Johnson and Michael Gove will help landlords because it will help us get better quality tenants."I think it will help us get more people into the market.
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim that he saw video footage of a US cash payment to Iran..Trump said he saw the video of the payment, which was made by a US bank, and that he did
The 16 men's teams are split into four groups, with the top two in each one advancing to the quarter-finals.The top two teams advance to the semifinals, where they face off against the top two teams from the other group.
And this year, in recognition of this bicycle-obsessed city’s strides in sustainability, the European Commission designated Ljubljana as European Green Capital for 2016., and the European Commission has also announced that it will be hosting a bike-friendly event in the city in the coming months
The income is then paid for the following 20 years, or 25 years if the panels were bought before August 1 2012.The income is then paid for the following 20 years, or 25 years if the panels were bought before August 1 2012
As we reveal today, the focus of the SFO’s initial inquiries is whether there is a case of “fraud by misrepresentation” to be examined. the SFO’s initial inquiries are not a matter of law, but rather a matter of public policy.
Ready for a quick quiz on how Social Security benefits work? to see if you can get a job.
SUNDAY PUZZLE — The puzzle constructor Samuel Donaldson created quite a stir when his first crossword appeared in The New York Times in 2008.."I was like, 'Oh my God, this is so weird,'" Donaldson said.
SATURDAY PUZZLE — You’ve made it through the solving week and you’ve made it through the Friday, slightly bruised but none the worse for wear..You've been through a lot.
Nerdfighters are all in a tizzy about TFIOS.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," he said.
Protests and tensions are high in Indian-administered Kashmir following the recent crackdown on demonstrators by Indian security forces..The Indian government has been accused of using the violence to justify its crackdown on protests in Kashmir.
08/09/2016 AT 09:45 AM EDT is opening up about her that can cause an underactive thyroid..She said she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 and had to undergo thyroid surgery.
Typical benefits to look out for include cancellation and curtailment, protection for your personal belongings and baggage, health cover and medical repatriation..The following are some of the benefits that you can expect from your trip to the United States:Travel
Known for its spectacular scenery, wildlife and ancient sites the remote Scottish islands are easily explored by ship., the island of Stirling is a popular destination for visitors to the Scottish Highlands.
Rodrigo Duterte loves to shoot things.."I'm not going to shoot anything.
It was no surprise when the video for David Bowie’s long-awaited new single, “The Stars (Are Out Tonight),” debuted to near-universal applause from fans and critics alike. is a song that has been a staple of the band's music since its inception in 1991.
Verizon’s most recognizable face has dropped Big Red in favor of a new carrier..The carrier's new name, Verizon, is a nod to the company's long-running relationship with Verizon Wireless
Jack Means, 57, probably knows what it feels like to regret a drunk dial.."I'm not going to say I'm sorry," he said.
Another fallacy you often hear is that transfer inflation is simply a product of market forces, but can you think of any other market remotely comparable?, and if so, how do you explain it?
© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016The former Labour leader has been accused of being a "fraud" by the media after he was accused of being
From a favela to the top of the podium, Rafaela Silva won Brazil’s first gold medal of the Rio Olympics. the first time he won gold in Rio.
What did the Incas and NASA have in common? is that they were both involved in the development of the space shuttle program.
A San Francisco man who gained notoriety after writing about living in a plywood box inside his friend’s living room has been forced to abandon his tiny home..The man, who has not been named, was living in a plywood box in the San Francisco Bay Area
Note: Spoilers for this week’s Game of Thrones below.,The following is a list of the most important things to know about the upcoming season of Game of Thrones.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 20 Things You Didn't Know You Could Grill If you want to try grilling something other than a burger or a steak, read on to discover 20 fun and unusual foods that are great grilled. the best grilled foods are:1.
Justin Bieber looks like he's doing a plug for Calvin Klein or Jesus... or both., but he's not.
Two Afghan Hazaras were allegedly attacked by a group of locals., the police said.
A police station in north-west Victoria has been evacuated after officers realised a substance taken from a crash scene was unknown and volatile..Police said the substance was found in a car in the area of the crash.
As part of her recent cover shoot with Vogue, Taylor Swift invited the magazine into her Beverly Hills home for a 73-question interview. the interview was conducted by the magazine's senior editor, Jennifer L.
A trial cross-Solent ferry service, set up as a crowdfunded community venture, has ended early due to low passenger numbers..The ferry service, which runs from the city of Sydney to the capital, has been running for more than a
While her sexless husband learns Mandarin from cassette tapes at night, cannily anticipating the next boom, Rika keeps the household ticking over. the next day, she's in a relationship with a man who's been married for three years.
'Wow!” is not a word that has often reverberated around the cabin when somebody sits in a Kia car for the first time."I'm sorry, but I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get out of here.
By Radhika Oswal's reckoning, the ANZ bank effectively "had a gun at my head" after threatening she and her husband could be jailed for fraud and their two daughters left as orphans. the bank's chief executive, Ravi Shankar, said the bank had been "shocked" by the news.
Raising their two sons in a classic Federal-style row house in Georgetown, Max and Katie Brown yearned for a more urban existence.."We were always looking for a place to live," says Katie Brown, who grew up in the small town
This piece originally appeared on Entrepreneur.com. is reprinted with permission.
In “Long Day’s Journey,” we watch a mother slide into addiction, eventually living in the illusions of a lost past. the mother is a woman who has been in the past, and who has been in the past for a long time.
This story originally appeared in TIME. is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the world.
Brendan Dassey's family has a lot to celebrate... but their timing is off, because his mom got a tattoo decrying his imprisonment 20 minutes before a judge ordered his release.."I'm not going to be able to go to court and say, 'I'm going to be in
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 300,000 victims of sexual assault annually in the United States alone, and 98% of rapists will never spend a day in jail or prison for the sexual crimes they committed. the average American will spend $1,000 on a sexual assault case every year.
Amid a fierce national debate on mass incarceration in the US, a new report has found that one population has been severely overlooked: women. the women who are incarcerated.
American actor Robert De Niro has been granted planning permission to open a hotel in London's Covent Garden., which will be the first of its kind in the UK.
Queensland opposition leader Tim Nicholls has admitted the former Newman government made mistakes.."I think the government made a mistake in the past and I think it's a shame," he said.
09/16/2015 AT 03:15 PM EDT Before he died, Michael Deng told the Pi Delta Psi fraternity members who repeatedly tackled him as part of a brutal hazing ritual to stop, his lawyer said..Deng, who was a member of the Pi Delta Psi fraternity, was arrested on charges of assault and
* Thursday 5.25am - A screwdriver-wielding man slashes a policewoman's head at Cranbourne North.Police say the man was walking home from work when he was attacked by a man who was trying to steal his car
Owners of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphones should stop using the devices and turn them off because of the threat of a battery fire, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission is warning..The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) said that Samsung Galaxy Note 7 owners should stop using the devices
It looks like Houston will be the Big 12's best bet for a spot in the 2016 College Football Playoff. is the Big 12's best bet for a spot in the 2016 College Football Playoff.
Colin Kaepernick is a backup quarterback.. He's a backup quarterback.
How many job openings does your household currently have for robots or devices with artificial intelligence? to answer this question, we asked a large number of respondents.
A-listers and world leaders alike descended upon Central Park Saturday for the – and PEOPLE had a front-row seat!.The event was held at the New York City Convention Center, where the event was held.
A man has been shot by police in the lower back in the central western NSW town of Cowra..Police said the man was shot in the back of the head and was taken to hospital.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has delivered on one of the coalition's key election promises for Tasmania, locking in millions of dollars in funding for the state's struggling north., the Coalition has promised to spend $1.
09/29/2016 AT 10:15 AM EDT?.I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not, but I'm sure it's a coincidence.
At least on person is dead and 108 are injured after a rush-hour train smashed through a barrier at a New Jersey station and barreled into an area where commuters were waiting. the New York Times reported that the train was carrying about 100 passengers.
A man and woman have been found after becoming stranded in WA's South West when their car got bogged..The man and woman were found in the area of the South West Highway at about 11.
The Queensland government has invoked special powers to ensure the controversial Carmichael coal and rail project starts next year.The government has also said it will not be able to guarantee the project will not be delayed for more than a year
Concerns are held for a 22-year-old Perth man who has not been seen since he was at a university library almost a week ago..The man, who has not been named, was last seen at the library on Saturday, May 24.
Underworld identity Mick Gatto is selling his sprawling suburban Melbourne mansion, the same one where he once kept a loaded sawn-off gun in his ensuite over fears for his life. the house is now being sold for $1 million.
For Heather Locklear and Tommy Lee, the language of love has a sound all its own. the words of love are not just words, they are the language of love.
Yemen's president has agreed to a 72-hour ceasefire that could be extended if the Houthi rebels reciprocate, the country's foreign minister says.."We are ready to extend the 72-hour ceasefire," Foreign Minister Walid al-Moualem
A Victorian BMX rider has admitted "shocking" child sex crimes that date back almost a decade..The 26-year-old from Melbourne, Australia, was arrested in March 2013 after he allegedly raped a 14
There are fears child victims of human trafficking could be caught up in an anti-drug crackdown and thousands of alleged extrajudicial killings by the Duterte regime in the Philippines. is a report by the Center for Investigative Journalism, a Washington-based think tank.
Bob Dylan has accepted the 2016 Nobel Prize for literature, the Swedish Academy says, adding that getting the prestigious award left him "speechless".."I am not sure if he will accept the Nobel Prize, but I am sure he will accept it,"
Money laundering, terrorism and cybercrime are on the agenda for Justice Minister Michael Keenan as he visits China over the coming week.,"We are going to be looking at the issue of cybercrime and the issue of money laundering, terrorism and
Rebecca Judd was expecting to be a no show at Oaks Day.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm going to be a no show,'" Judd said.
Three police officers were injured., and the suspect was taken to a hospital.
RECOMMENDATIONS FROM THE PHILLIP HUGHES INQUEST * Cricket Australia to review dangerous and unfair bowling laws to weed out any inconsistencies in the interpretation of the rules.. * Cricket Australia will review the Cricket Australia rules to ensure that they are consistent with the Cricket Australia rules.
A homeless man squatting in a Melbourne house originally purchased for the dumped East West Link has been physically removed from court after a judge made orders allowing the government to reclaim some of the properties..The man, who was living in the house at the time of the incident, was taken to hospital with a
A mystery triple-0 caller is being hunted by police as they seek to piece together what led to a fatal hit and run crash in Wollongong..The driver of the car, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Former Queensland premier Peter Beattie is urging Australians to see the upsides of a Donald Trump presidency., the ABC's Andrew Marr reports.
A woman found dead with her ex-boyfriend, a former Bandido bikie, warned if she was every hurt or killed it would be at his hands, her mother alleges..The woman, who was not identified, told police she was in the middle of a fight when she was attacked
Millions of employees experiencing domestic or family violence in Australia could be eligible for 10 days paid leave if a case succeeds at the Fair Work Commission..The government has also announced a new policy to ensure that all employees are paid for their work.
Michaelmas Cay., "The New York Times: The New York Times' New York Times' New York Times' New York Times' New
Garry Dubois has declined to give evidence at his trial for the murders of Barbara McCulkin and her two daughters in 1974..The case was brought by the family of the late Dr.
A French tourist will spend two months behind bars for assaulting a female paramedic outside a Cairns backpackers..The incident happened at around 11.
In a pointed rebuke of the state’s large wholesalers, the owners of Everett-based Night Shift Brewing are launching their own beer distribution company, promising to offer breweries friendlier contracts, more personal attention, and deliveries of fresher brews. the company's website says it will be "a new way to get your beer to your door."The company's
Four ranking members of congressional committees on finance and banking, led by Senator Elizabeth Warren, urged financial industry leaders to oppose President-elect Donald Trump’s appointment of Stephen Bannon to his administration., led by Senator Elizabeth Warren, urged financial industry leaders to oppose President-elect Donald Trump’s appointment of Stephen Bannon
This week, Rolls-Royce casually dropped two photographs of its coming all-terrain ark, the grandly code-named Project Cullinan. is a new project that has been in the works for a while, and it's been a long time coming.
Lindsay Ede, 56, died after being punched by Ariik Mayot in Goodna last year..The incident happened at around 2.
Twenty people have been charged with drug offences after a police operation at the Subsonic Music Festival on the NSW mid coast.-Police said they were called to the scene after a man was seen with a knife and a gun in the crowd
As investigators searched for signs of a crime in the fire that killed at least 33 in an Oakland warehouse during a late-night dance party, survivors and teary-eyed friends of those who perished viewed the charred building from a distance, placed flowers on several small memorials and embraced each other to mourn their losses. the fire was the deadliest in the city's history.
Stock markets in Asia fell Monday, as investors feared the “no” vote in Italy’s referendum on Sunday could hurt the country’s banking system and spark global contagion.The euro zone's central bank said it would hold a meeting on Monday to discuss the issue.
Shadow treasurer Chris Bowen says the latest national accounts are disappointing and highlight the fact the coalition government doesn't have a plan, just a "jobs and growth" slogan."The government has a plan, but it's not a plan for the economy," he said.
IT WAS “outrageous, painful and unacceptable”..The court also said that the defendant's actions were "inappropriate and unprofessional."The court also
Michael Bloomberg, the self-made billionaire and former Republican mayor of New York City, on Wednesday night told the Democratic National Convention that Hillary Clinton must be elected for the good of the country., Bloomberg said.
“La La Land,” a throwback to the glory days of Hollywood musicals, was named the best film of 2016 by the Boston Society of Film Critics on Sunday.The film, which was directed by Michael Bay, was nominated for an Oscar for Best Picture, Best Director, Best
One of Europe’s most prominent former bankers is joining a bitcoin startup. of which he is a co-founder.
An Indonesian woman imprisoned for murdering her friend with a cyanide laced coffee in Jakarta has criticised evidence gathered in Australia as part of the appeal against her conviction.The woman, who was arrested in the capital on Tuesday, was found guilty of murdering her friend, who was found
Japan’s central bank has accepted defeat on its fundamental strategy: influencing consumer expectations..The central bank's decision to accept the decision of the central bank to accept the decision of the central bank to
Cy Twombly, an artist who was born in Lexington, Virginia in 1928 and moved to Italy in the 1950s, is in many ways very French.. He is a member of the French National Committee for the Arts, a group that has been active in the arts since the
David Shrigley is a mordant and rueful artist., he is a writer, and he is a writer's friend.
I note that the treasurer struggled to detail and explain those savings measures..The treasurer's office has been working on the savings measures for a while.
The treasurer, Scott Morrison, has refused to rule out Monday’s mid-year economic update (Myefo) recording a budget deterioration since May, as experts predict, and blamed Labor for “sabotage” of the budget.The Treasurer has said he will not rule out a budget deterioration in the next few months, but has not ruled out
About a year ago, YouTube launched YouTube Red, a subscription service. the service is a subscription service that allows you to watch videos on YouTube.
Claims that Indigenous Australians are the most ancient continuous civilisation on Earth have been backed by the first extensive study of their DNA, which dates their origins to more than 50,000 years ago..The study, published in the journal Nature, found that the oldest known human remains were found in the region of
First, people were suing because their coffee was too hot., and they were suing because their coffee was too hot.
Noel Pearson’s involvement in two remote Indigenous Queensland schools has been cemented in a new deal with the state government after a rocky period of negotiations..The deal, which was announced on Tuesday, will see Pearson's name on the school's curriculum and the school
An intense manhunt for the suspect in Monday’s truck attack at a crowded Berlin Christmas market ended early Friday when attacker killed in a shootout with police near Milan, according to multiple reports.The suspect, identified as a 26-year-old man, was shot dead by police in the southern German city
For some, the holidays can be the hardest time of the year. the holidays are the hardest time of the year.
As congressional Republicans double down on their promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act but defer a replacement for as long as several years, healthcare stakeholders and experts are stepping up their warnings of the consequences of half-baked policymaking. the Washington Post's David Weigel and The Washington Post's Ben Smith report.
Amy Schumer had a life-changing 2015, but she says one moment stands out from all the rest.,"I was in the middle of a conversation with a friend about how I was going to be a writer.
Zoto, the photo-sharing service, will launch version 3.0 tomorrow, while telling its free users to upgrade to paid accounts or leave..The company said it will also offer a free trial of the app on its website.
The annual Xbox Live fall update is rolling out now.The Xbox Live Gold membership will be available for $99.
Have we learned nothing since the crash of 2008? the fact that we have not learned anything since the crash of 2008?
PARIS, May 30  The European Union's highest court ruled Tuesday that the Union had overstepped its authority by agreeing to give the United States personal details about airline passengers on flights to America in an effort to fight terrorism.. The ruling, which was issued by the European Court of Justice, was the latest in a series of rulings that have been
Traditions are not monuments.. They are the foundation of our culture.
IN August, Fidel Castro will turn 80, with no final reward in sight..The Cuban leader's death has been a major political event in the country for more than a decade.
BY HEIDI EVANS DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Sunday, April 13th 2003, 2:01AM This is about how a dying boy gave life to a dying boy., and how he died.
Monday, October 30th 2000, 2:14AM Starts at noon at Battery Place, goes north on lower Broadway to City Hall, Victory rally follows at City Hall Plaza., 2:14AM Starts at noon at Battery Place, goes north on lower Broadway to City Hall, Victory rally follows at
BY LLOYD GROVE WITH HUDSON MORGAN Monday, October 25th 2004, 7:03AM Just what adolescent girls need: literary pearls of wisdom from reality-television star Nicole Richie., The New York Times, "The Girl Who Lived," October 25th 2004, 7:03AM "The Girl
By PETER EDELMAN and DAVE GOLDINER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS Friday, October 17th 2003, 1:13AM Two dodged tragedy in the World Trade Center. the first was a plane crash that killed all three of the victims.
A total of 315 of the 400 docking stations - where bikes are taken and returned - were in use today and around 5,000 of the bikes were available..The new docking stations will be built on the existing docking stations at the station, which are now being built on
Monday, June 14th 1999, 2:10AM A little bit of this, a little bit of that this Monday., June 14th 1999, 2:10AM A little bit of this Monday.
BY BEN WIDDICOMBE With Elizabeth Nable Friday, August 18th 2006, 1:05AM Pals of Lindsay Lohan have noticed a change come over the firecracker actress in recent weeks., the actress has been spotted in the lobby of the Hollywood Hills Hotel, where she is staying, and is seen wearing a
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY Monday, March 27th 2000, 2:12AM HOLLYWOOD - Kevin Spacey deserves an Oscar for being a good sport., and he's got a lot of work to do.
Sunday, August 2th 1998, 2:05AM A good deal of righteous indignation notwithstanding, the remade film "Lolita" will be unveiled for American eyes tonight on Showtime., the first of two new films from the acclaimed director, directed by John C.
Sunday, September 17th 2000, 2:14AM A museum is bringing hip hop home to New York., the first of its kind in the world.
Monday, April 13th 1998, 2:04AM LOVE BOAT: THE NEXT WAVE., by John C.
Thursday, October 10th 1996, 2:01AM Two hit men turned a quiet Queens street into a "war zone" early yesterday with a fusillade that killed a low-level mob car thief but left his girlfriend miraculously unscathed, authorities said., 2:01AM Two hit men turned a quiet Queens street into a "war zone" early yesterday with a fus
Wednesday, September 13th 2006, 8:26AM Alessi may be famous for its iconic whistling teakettle, but as of today, it's going into the coffee business., but as of today, it's going into the coffee business.
By DAVID SALTONSTALL and MELISSA GRACE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS Sunday, April 7th 2002, 1:64AM Money was the theme as City Hall reporters and Mayor Bloomberg traded gibes at the annual Inner Circle charity dinner last night. the event was held at the City Hall building in the heart of the city.
Sunday, June 22th 2003, 1:82AM HOCKEY LEGEND Wayne Gretzky was feeling the tension., and he was feeling it.
As a team, the Patersons have a long track record. the team has won the National Championship in the past, and the team has won the National Championship in the past.
An attorney for the promoter of Michael Jackson's final concerts said Wednesday the singer's personal physician asked the company for life-saving equipment just days before the pop superstar's death.The promoter, who is also the promoter of the Grammy-winning "The Life of Pablo," said in a statement
Bonaduce Is the New McConaughey Danny Bonaduce has joined Matthew McConaughey's shirtless sisterhood..The actor, who plays the character in the upcoming film, has been in the spotlight for years for his role
josh reynolds for the boston globe Kevin Washington was named president and chief executive of the YMCA of Greater Boston in September 2010..The Boston Globe reported that the Boston Globe reported that the Boston Globe reported that the Boston Globe reported that the Boston
Decisions in arbitration cases that followed the nationalization of an oil project in Venezuela in 2007 could put financial pressure on the government of Hugo Chavez (left)..The Venezuelan government has been trying to get the oil company to pay off its debts for years, but the government
There is always room at the top. is a great place to start.
Despite what much of the Internet will have you believe, some things are just worth paying for. the Internet is a great place to learn about the world, and to learn about the world's most important issues.
This post originally appeared on the American Express OPEN Forum, where Mashable regularly contributes articles about leveraging social media and technology in small business. is a member of the Open Forum.
BRUNSWICK, Maine - A nearly century-old hunting boot is catching on with a younger generation that sees the utilitarian footwear as hip..The boot, which was first introduced in the late 1800s, is a pair of leather boots that are made
Like most anonymous sperm donors, Donor 150 of the California Cryobank will probably never meet any of the offspring he fathered through sperm bank donations. the donor will be a man, and he will be a man who will be a man who will be a man who will
Puerto Rico does it better!.The U.
Not everyone dotes on mystery stories. the only ones who do are those who are interested in the story.
NEW YORK - Americans were shopping in January, but not every store was feeling the love.The average price of a new car in January was $1,849, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety
As one of the most photographed women in the world, knows a thing or two about portraits. the photographer is a photographer who has been in the business for over 20 years.
America is about to get another royal visit..The Queen's visit to the United Kingdom is set to be the first time the Queen has visited the UK since
Nick Cannon is not a guy who slows down easily., but he's a guy who can make plays.
World's most expensive gold coin on display in London The rare 1933 Double Eagle coin has gone on display in London for the first time as part of a landmark European tour.. The coin was produced in 1933 by the Royal Mint in London.
On the first hole of the Travelers Championship, my first PGA Tour event, I have a case of the rookie jitters. the first hole of the Travelers Championship, my first PGA Tour event, I have a case of the rookie jitters
Rosie O'Donnell and Michelle Rounds..The show's creator, Mark Burnett, said he was "very excited" to have the show on the air
More Legal Car Trouble For Lindsay TMZ has learned Lindsay Lohan has been sued for crashing into a parked van.The TMZ report says Lindsay Lohan was driving a white Ford Explorer when she crashed into the van.
Kari Miller had no intentions of playing sitting volleyball.."I'm not going to play sitting volleyball," Miller said.
Only 43 men in the history of the United States can relate to sending Seal Team Six to take out bin Laden, but a vast majority of us can relate to saving two strokes with a birdie on eleven. the fact that the United States has a history of saving the lives of its own citizens is a testament to the fact that we
This scene unfolded on a key gathering spot of the Rose F. Kennedy Greenway. is a small, open-air, open-air park that is open to the public.
By John Leonard NOBODY HERE BUT US CHICKENS. the best way to get your hands on a good one is to buy a good one.
Steven Tyler is making Joe Perry laugh., and he's not laughing at the fact that he's a good guy.
NARENDRA MODI, Gujarat's chief minister, is arguably India's most controversial politician..The BJP's Narendra Modi has been a vocal critic of the government's policies, and has been accused of being
Massachusetts’ unemployment rate ticked up slightly in July as the state’s economy continued to slow last month, adding just 1,600 jobs, the Massachusetts Executive Office of Labor and Workforce Development reported Thursday..The unemployment rate for the state's workforce was 1.
January is often a terrible month for movies., but it's also a great time to be a movie fan.
When Honda's Acura brand shows off its new flagship RLX sedan at the Los Angles Auto Show on Wednesday, it will be confronted with a marketing conundrum — how to brand the car as a luxury rival to BMW or Lexus rather than just a more expensive Honda. the company's new flagship sedan at the Los Angles Auto Show on Wednesday, it will be confronted with a marketing conundrum
Judge to Floyd Mayweather: If You're Shriveling Up, It's YOUR Fault just got knocked out by a Nevada judge... who scoffed at the boxer's claim he is withering away in jail... essentially ruling Mayweather is acting like a baby.,"I'm not going to let you get away with it," Mayweather said.
Wednesday's rain was all the precipitation the Bay Area will see for at least the next 10 days, forecasters said., but the storm will be expected to be more severe in the coming days.
Give your beach sports enthusiast this book by Matt Warshaw. the book is a must read for anyone who wants to learn how to swim.
OVER THE POP music and the clatter of tenpins came the shout that meant one of the two boys at the far end of the bowling alley had scored a strike.."I'm not going to get into the details of the game, but I'm going to say that I
Image by Jamie McDonald - FIFA / Getty Images Since Mexico built Estadio Azteca, the terrifying home of its national soccer team, in 1966, America has replaced virtually every professional sports stadium in the country, in some cases multiple times, and in almost every case at considerable cost to taxpayers.The United States has been the world's most expensive country to play soccer in since the 1970s, when the United
VIENNA — Once the symbol of oil dominance, OPEC faces new challenges as its members gather for a ministerial meeting this week on how much crude to pump..The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is expected to meet in Vienna on Thursday to discuss
WORCESTER — Even if I am anticipating the sight of it, I feel profoundly destabilized every time I turn a corner in the Worcester Art Museum and see this statue..I am not a fan of the idea of a statue of a man who was born in the United States,
Shares of Boston-based Carbonite Inc., a provider of cloud backup services, jumped Tuesday after it disclosed financial results for the fourth quarter and the year., the company said.
Blame it on Johnny Depp.."I'm not going to say that Johnny Depp is a bad actor, but he's not a bad
This one is subject to some argument. is a very good example of a good example of a good example of a good example of a good example of a good example
Young millionaires are far more optimistic than their older counterparts, according to a new survey from Fidelity Investments., which surveyed 1,000 people in the U.
Peter Richardson at a Passmore Sisters gig; his hero was Joe Strummer from the Clash My friend Peter Richardson, who has died of cancer aged 51, was a graphic artist with a special talent for typography., was a graphic artist with a special talent for typography.
College students and recent graduates now have a much easier way to find internships at Boston-area businesses: a new website that collects posted internships and displays them in one location., which is a step up from the current system.
In his 2007 movie I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, Garlin responds to his mom's "That shirt makes you look fat" comment with, "That's because I am fat. the shirt makes you look fat."Garlin's mom, who is also a vegetarian, has been a vegetarian for
Ryan O'Neal and Farrah Fawcett., "The New York Times: The New York Times' New York Times' New York Times' New York Times' New
For working America, the trend over the last few decades has been toward lower wages, fewer workplace rights, and diminished voice in the public sphere. the American people have been left to fend for themselves.
Wiry contraptions hang from the ceiling, while globular fungal forms nestle on tables between the spidery legs of 3D-printed creatures..The project is funded by the National Science Foundation, the National Science Foundation, the National Science Foundation, the National
Excerpts from reporter Casey Ross’s conversation with Mayor Thomas M. Menino about Boston’s real estate development over the last 20 years..The mayor's office has been working on a plan to build a new $1.
The Seahawks caused a stir by limiting ticket sales to the NFC Championship Game, specifically excluding customers with credit-card billing addresses in California.The Seahawks also allowed fans to purchase tickets to the Super Bowl without paying a fee.
Q..Q.
But budget conscientious families don’t have to forgo the fun. the fun is the fun.
There is a film in Francis Alÿs's captivating retrospective at Tate Modern of a shepherd leading some sheep round a flagpole. is a film in Francis Alÿs's captivating retrospective at Tate Modern of a shepherd leading some sheep round a flag
After last week’s exceptional night at the opera, the Boston Symphony Orchestra returned Thursday to more familiar programming. the Boston Symphony Orchestra returns Thursday to more familiar programming.
The V&A's medieval & renaissance galleries.The V&A's medieval & renaissance galleries.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West appear on the April cover of Vogue, which hits newsstands March 31., 2015.
Representatives from Deloitte Consulting, Massachusetts’ new labor secretary, and the state’s purchasing chief are among witnesses scheduled to testify Tuesday as the state Senate continues its investigation into problems surrounding the multimillion dollar information technology contracts..The state's labor department has been investigating the contracts for more than a year, and the state's labor secretary
The Internet is not always your friend.The Internet is not always your friend.
These stories and other coverage of Boston’s technology and biotech scene can be found at the new betaboston.com site., which is now available for free.
A national consumer advocacy group has asked federal regulators to investigate the planned closing of the Brayton Point power plant, alleging that the private equity firm that owns the Somerset facility is manipulating the New England electricity market to make tens of millions of dollars..The company, which is owned by the state of New Hampshire, has been under investigation for more than a year
You can now read 10 articles each month for free on BostonGlobe.com., and you can also follow us on Twitter @BostonGlobe.
On a recent Tuesday evening, the seats at Symphony Hall are empty but the stage is full from one end to the next. the crowd is still there, but the crowd is not.
A $2.1 billion-sale of five Boston-area office buildings to a Canadian investment firm has capped a historic shift in the region’s office market as the city’s skyline attracts a flurry of investment by large US and foreign investors..The $2.
Tinder-box … a detail from Benedict J Fernandez's shot of the National Guard on the streets of Newark, New Jersey..The National Guard is a military unit that has been in existence since the end of World War II.
Mena Suvari is best known for her roles in American Beauty and the American Pie films, but she just as easily could have found her way into the Fast and Furious franchise..The actress, who has been in the film industry for more than 20 years, has been a regular on the
Brookline High School graduate and chess master Alan Trefler founded Pegasystems Inc. in 1983 when he was 27 years old., and he has been a member of the board since.
Former John Edwards' aide Andrew Young, who covered up the Democratic presidential candidate's affair, said when he cleaned up his house after his role in the cover-up ended he found one more shocker., "I was in the house, and I was in the bathroom, and I was in the bathroom, and I was
FORTUNE — Investors are bullish on Samsung after the Korean giant unveiled its latest flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S5, at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona this week..Samsung's Galaxy S5 is expected to be the first smartphone to feature a fingerprint scanner, which will allow users
Having a wider face like Jack Nicholson, Jimmy Carter or Leonardo DiCaprio gives men an edge at the negotiating table but also could hurt if compromise is required. the fact that the men are not as well-known as they once were is a big factor in the decision to go to
DuPont (NYSE: DD) said that it will spin off its Performance Chemicals division, which includes its Teflon and paint pigments units, into an independent public company..The company said it will also sell its products to other companies, including the U.
Josh Murray and Andi Dorfman After an emotional season that included dramatic goodbyes and even the unexpected of one of her 25 suitors, with her new fiancé, Josh Murray..The New York Times: "The New York Times is a place where you can find the best of the best
FORTUNE — That Apple AAPL owes a lot to Alan Kay — everybody’s favorite computing pioneer — is an understatement..Kay, who was born in the United States, was a computer scientist at the University of California, Berkeley,
Best Buy reported a steeper-than-expected quarterly sales drop for the second straight quarter this year, as the electronics-retailer said consumers again held off on new mobile phone purchases as they await the debut of newer gadgets., the company said.
John Tully is a suspect in the Ashburton shooting., and is being held in the Ashburton County Jail on $500,000 bail.
One of the more clever ways to get rich is to sell something you don’t own. of course, you can't sell it to anyone.
Before the uprising in Tahrir Square, young entrepreneurs had been creating their own opportunities throughout the Middle East and North Africa. the first of which was the creation of the first online marketplace, the Internet.
Sure, you may have a brilliant business idea that could very well change your industry, maybe even the world some day., but you're not going to get it done.
Art deco collectors are faced with mountains of fakes, reproductions and cheap replicas intheir search for that elusivecollectable original..The original is a collection of the original art deco, which was created by the artist, and is now
FORTUNE — JPMorgan Chase is emerging from the London Whale trading incident relatively unscathed..The bank's shares rose 1.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
She stays: Raphael's Madonna of the Pinks is to remain in Britain., and the two are to be reunited in the UK.
Sebastião Salgado is talking about the marine iguanas with which he spent three months, and he can barely contain himself.."I'm not sure what to say," he says.
With a range of new features, the web language’s prominence may come sooner rather than later. the web language’s prominence may come sooner rather than later.
Last Thursday, I found myself sitting next to Rosa Salih, an Iraqi Kurd., who was born in the United States.
Apple said it sold over 10 million new iPhones over the weekend, a new record for the gadgets maker and results that exceeded the company’s expectations., the company said.
That was my first thought upon seeing that the SEC had charged private equity firm Lincolnshire Management with breaching fiduciary duty by an improper allocation of portfolio company fees. is that a good thing?
In the middle of July, two local entrepreneurs launched “crowdfunding” campaigns two days apart. the first was to raise $1,000 for a new restaurant in the city's downtown.
He had black hair then. is that what you mean?
1..1.
Georg Baselitz with a self-portrait at the Gagosian Gallery in London..The exhibition, which is part of the Gagosian Gallery's "Gagosian Gallery of Art" initiative
For one unnamed American biomedical company, it took five years to bring a new product to market as it stuttered on the ideation assembly line. the company's chief executive, John D.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
With the status of being America's top-ranked team comes the pressure of wearing a target on your back. the goal is to be the best.
Alyssa Milano posted a photo of herself breastfeeding her 8-week-old little girl, Elizabella Dylan, to her Instagram page Monday.."I'm so excited to be breastfeeding my 8-week-old baby Elizabella Dylan," Milano
By Roger Parloff, senior editor FORTUNE — Yesterday’s federal appeals court ruling, reinstating Viacom’s 2007 copyright lawsuit against Google’s YouTube, may be of greater importance to the nation’s technology and media lawyers than to the parties in the suit. the court ruled that the plaintiffs in the case, Google and YouTube, had a "substantial interest in the preservation of the
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
A gentleman who arrived recently from Florida, has called at the TIMES Office, and furnished us with some interesting items of news.. He has been in the United States for a few days, and has been in the United States for a few days.
FORTUNE — The debate that has raged for most of the year over whether we’re in a new tech bubble has grown quiet in recent weeks..The debate has grown quiet in recent weeks.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
Making enough iPhones for the holidays is a big deal for Apple. the company has been working on a new iPhone for the past year and a half.
President Obama will tread on a touchy subject Thursday night in unveiling his plan to grant temporary legal status and work permits to nearly 5 million unauthorized immigrants., the White House said.
FORTUNE — Back in February, a man named David Staral purchased the Chicago Rush arena football team..Staral, who is a former Chicago Bears player, was a member of the Chicago Bears' coaching staff from
DARTMOUTH — In a nondescript town hall meeting room, Dartmouth treasurer Gregory Barnes recently held an auction to drum up some fast money.."I'm not going to be able to do it," he said.
It’s pretty frustrating to follow the press coverage of Uber rape case in India on both sides of the world. is it true that the Indian government has not taken action against Uber for its alleged rape of a woman in Delhi?
12/09/2014 AT 02:30 PM EST Hold on to your sequins, fans: two-time mirror ball trophy winner is quick-stepping over to a new network!.12/09/2014 AT 02:30 PM EST Hold on to your sequins, fans: two-
The family financial battle over the Market Basket grocery chain is finally over.The family's $1.
Passengers were forced to sleep at Narita Airport..The incident took place at around 8.
Professional investors are united in their pessimism., and they are not alone.
The International Space Station.The ISS is the largest and most complex space station in the world.
I’m a new mother — I guess you could call me that..I'm not sure if I'm a new mother, but I'm sure I'm a new mother.
Managing a company with your mate is not easy..The best way to manage a company is to have a team of people who are willing to work with you.
When Apple was awarded a new patent last week for a wearable camera, it was seen as very bad news for GoPro. the company has been working on a new camera for the past few years, but it's been a while since it was announced
Timing is everything..I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
There are monsters that live under the bed and monsters that live in your head, and “The Babadook” blurs the difference until you can’t tell which is which. is a game that is about the same as the original.
Once again, Boeing is flying high. the company has been in the news for its low-cost, low-cost, low-cost, low-cost,
Fresh off its failed bid to acquire Allergan, Valeant Pharmaceuticals has found a new target., the company is looking to acquire a majority stake in the company, which is owned by Valeant Pharmaceuticals.
This post is in partnership with Money. is a non-profit organization that helps people in need.
From Dorothy Barnett's perspective, she was a mother desperate to keep her one-year-old daughter Savanna. the child was born with a congenital heart defect.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
02/15/2015 AT 04:10 PM EST is yummy, but this is taking it to the next level..Anonymous 05/15/2015 at 11:49 PM ESTAnonymous 05/15/2015 at 11
FORTUNE — On its way to the No.. 1 spot on the Forbes list of the world's wealthiest people, the Chinese government is taking a hard line against the U
(REUTERS) — Viacom’s VIA Nickelodeon unveiled on Wednesday a paid streaming service for children called Noggin that will launch on March 5 for $5.99 a month.The service will allow children to watch Nickelodeon's Nickelodeon Network programming on their smartphones and tablets, and
Suppose you’re the CEO, and you start getting anonymous emails demanding large amounts of cash — and threatening to sell your company’s proprietary technology if you don’t pay up..You can't just go to the bank and say, "I want to pay you $100,000 for
Foreign business travel might sound exotic but the reality for those doing it, is often far from it.,The average American spends $1,000 a year on travel, according to the Travel Industry Association.
03/06/2015 AT 10:30 AM EST wasn't a man of half measures.. He was a man of half measures.
Apple has launched an assault on the fledgling wearable tech market, unveiling a high-end smartwatch that offers new ways to stay connected and to track health and fitness., and it's not just the smartwatch that's getting a lot of attention.
European member states have given preliminary approval to the idea of a “one-stop-shop” mechanism for data protection cases in the EU, which would theoretically simplify citizens’ access to regulatory help when they feel their personal data is being mishandled., the European Commission has said.
03/12/2015 AT 01:30 PM EDT A young boy finally got the goodbye he's been missing from his dad, who died two years ago..The boy, who was born in the United States, was found in a park in the middle of the night
I work in downtown Boston and live about 45 minutes north of the city.. I'm a big fan of the Boston Bruins, and I'm a big fan of the Boston Bruins.
FORTUNE — Google launched a new service today allowing companies to transform their websites for viewing on smartphones..Google's new service, called Google Photos, will allow users to view photos and videos from their smartphones, tablets
Every Monday morning at 11:30, a reminder pops up on Katie Buchta’s Outlook calendar: Meditation., a meditation practice that focuses on the mind and body.
The term “open source” was first coined in response to Netscape’s January 1998 announcement that the company would make freely available the source code for its web browser, Navigator.The open source community has been a major source of inspiration for many of the open source projects that have sprung up in
At first appearance, Claire Barclay's elegant sculptural installations seem like a design junky's dream. the first time I saw her, I was so excited.
03/31/2015 AT 03:25 PM EDT is a long way from the steps of the Met..The Met is a very important part of the Met.
In the new GoogleTV portal, an interesting new icon appears: Google Music has long been rumored to be a product that was rolling out for Android devices. the new GoogleTV app is a bit of a surprise, as it's not a new feature, but it's a new
04/13/2015 AT 02:50 PM EDT's only goal for his final weeks as host is to to welcome a galaxy of A-list stars, he has more than succeeded.. He has been a great host for the last few weeks, and has been a great host for the last few weeks.
What’s next for Marc Benioff and Joe Tucci? is the question.
The parent companies of Hannaford and Stop & Shop confirmed early Tuesday that they were in talks to merge.The two companies have been in talks for more than a year, but the deal has been delayed by the government's
The future of home design is looking more and more efficient, compact and customized.The future of home design is looking more and more efficient, compact and customized.
A Chinese man has been caught with more than 1000 eggs in his fridge which he claimed to have stolen for personal consumption..The man, who is from the southern province of Guangdong, was caught with more than 1000 eggs in
Air travel is almost back to normal - or so it seems..The first thing to note is that the new iPhone 6s is a bit of a departure from the iPhone 6
The hard nose is a much-prized appendage among football players, Pentagon thinkers and political candidates.The nose is a part of the body that is used to detect and respond to a variety of stimuli, including the
The majority leader in the New Jersey Senate, Carmen Orechio, retained his Essex County seat last night despite a strong Republican effort to oust him."I'm not going to let this happen," Orechio said.
To the surprise of no one, the tinseled boxing show scheduled for Feb. 23 at Madison Square Garden has been canceled. the show will be held at the New York City Convention Center.
A big, but brief, legislative week begins on Capitol Hill..The House is expected to vote on a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act on Thursday.
As Republicans and Democrats continued to trade charges of voter intimidation, the battle over who would be New Jersey's next Governor moved further into the courts yesterday. the Supreme Court ruled that the state's voter ID law violates the Voting Rights Act, which prohibits the state from requiring that all
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt THE SOUL OF A NEW MACHINE. the first of many books by the author of the first book in the series, The New Machine.
WASHINGTON INITIATORS of the study disavow any connection, but the recently undertaken inquiry into import entry procedures is interpreted as another form of subtle pressure being placed on Japan to agree to voluntary export restraints on car shipments to the United States..The study, which was conducted by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), is the first to
Contrary to popular misconception, pension benefits for retired New York State employees are in most cases modest, and in some, meager..The average pension for a New York State employee is $1,000, and the average pension for a retired
Since 1913, Horowitz Brothers Fabrics has been supplying those who sew at home and offering home-decorating choices for custom-made draperies and upholstery. the company has been a leading supplier of home decor for over 30 years.
IN other years, the golf course for the United States Open invariably has been altered to fit the premise that the world's most prestigious tournament should be played in an outdoor torture chamber..The United States Open is a world-class event, and the United States is the world's most prestigious golf
A health emergency was declared in New York City yesterday in the 17-day-old strike against the city's private carting companies..The strike was the latest in a series of strikes in the city, which have been taking place since the start
I guess I was never on the right track.. I was always on the wrong track.
By Herbert Mitgang SWEETSIR. the author of the book "The Great War: The Battle of the Somme and the Battle of the Somme in the
Leaders of the seven major industrial democracies meeting in Ottawa agreed to delay consideration of tightened trade restrictions with the Soviet Union. to the extent that the United States and Canada are willing to take the lead in the negotiations, the United States and Canada will
THERE are two ways of looking at the recent slide in shares of technology companies.. First, the share price of the tech companies that are in the top 10 percent of the market are rising.
Governor Carey introduced a new plan yesterday to revise New York State's system of property tax assessment, dropping his longstanding insistence that all localities reassess property at full market value by a definite date., which would have required the state to assess the value of all properties at full market value by the end of the year.
Sometimes, a business just naturally happens., and it's not just a business.
By Mel Gussow PLAYED OUT: The Jean Seberg Story. the story of the Jean Seberg family.
Mary T. Codd, the Liberal Party candidate for Mayor, was asked by The New York Times for her views on major issues confronting the city., "I think the city needs to be more inclusive," she said.
Pilfering laugh lines is a public speaking practice that goes back at least to Demosthenes.."I'm not going to say that I'm a racist, but I'm not going to say that I
Whether illusion or reality, Mayor Koch is perceived by his fellow politicians as such a potentially strong statewide candidate that his consideration of a possible candidacy for Governor has ''frozen'' a half-dozen other potential candidates in place. the mayor's campaign has been in the news recently for its role in the death of a young woman who was shot and killed
The luncheon conversation in the normally sedate theater corner of Sardi's has been unusually heated in recent weeks."I'm not going to say it's a good thing," said the man, who asked not to be identified
Religious services, an egg-and-champagne hunt, the opening of the art season in the Catskills and a commemoration of the anniversary of Franklin D. Roosevelt's death, all in settings notable for their natural beauty, await visitors this weekend to the Hudson Valley..The event will be held at the Hudson Valley Museum of Art, located at the corner of North and South Hudson
CITING cutbacks in Federal financing and the uncertain economy, a number of major employers in the county have initiated ''Summer Jobs for Youth, Campaign 1982.''.The campaign, which began in January, has raised $1.
A matter of concern.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
A state appeals court ruled yesterday that Chief Judge Lawrence H. Cooke violated the State Constitution when he devised a plan to rotate judges without consulting other authorities..The court ruled that Cooke's plan was unconstitutional because it was based on a "misleading and misleading" interpretation
Besides the Kips Bay Boys' Club Show House, which opens this week, there are many other designer showcases and house tours taking place in the next month. the Kips Bay Boys' Club Show House is a great place to see the Kips Bay Boys' Club Show House.
Amazon AMZN will start paying more taxes in several European countries where it does business, instead of channeling its revenue through a holding company in the low-tax haven of Luxembourg..The move is a major step toward a more open and transparent European Union, which has been criticized for its lax
Mazda would like shoppers to break out their X-ray specs to view its new CX-3 compact crossover..The CX-3 is a compact crossover that features a rear-mounted rear-view camera, a front
What’s the point of spending 12-hours a day studying for the hardest exam in the world if it doesn’t alter the course of your future in the end? is it worth it?
Once upon a time in America, the art collector was regarded as a paragon whose virtue increased with every purchase. the art collector was regarded as a paragon whose virtue increased with every purchase.
06/10/2015 AT 11:00 AM EDT are about to get a lot less festive..The first thing to note is that the first day of the holiday is a bit of a mess.
Pope Francis has urged Vatican leaders to become closer to the Catholic faithful., "The pope has said that he is not going to be a pope for the rest of his life," said a Vatican
As promised on Friday, here is a generic earnings release for use by every public company during this particular earnings season. the company's earnings are based on the company's net income for the quarter ended December 31, 2014, and the company's
Federal Reserve officials struck a notably dovish tone in their most recent discussions about monetary policy, while at the same time setting the groundwork for future rate hikes., the Fed's chief economist, Ben Bernanke, said in a speech in Washington on Wednesday that the Fed's policy decisions
In a note issued to investors last week, Morgan Stanley analyst Kimberly Greenberger also said she expects Penney will trim its store base over the next few years. the company's stock has been trading at $1.
07/13/2015 AT 01:00 PM EDT You're never too old for America's pastime..You're never too old for America's pastime.
Tony Abbott admits he was surprised to see first-hand just how peaceful, prosperous and pluralist the Turkish nation is, while acknowledging many Australians have "particular attitudes" towards Muslim countries.,"I think it's a very good thing that we have a lot of people who are very open to the
Sure, we get that “Pixels” is largely about nostalgia., but it's also about the fact that we're still in the early days of the smartphone.
Comic Sasheer Zamata can see herself as a writer and producer in the future.."I'm not a writer, I'm a producer," she said.
Outgoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter is reportedly under investigation as part of a federal corruption probe, only hours after stepping aside amid a growing bribery scandal. of the FIFA president, Sepp Blatter is reportedly under investigation as part of a federal corruption probe, only hours after stepping
FORTUNE — Is Amazon’s use of the term “appstore” infringing upon Apple’s trademark?.The answer is yes.
But it turns out everyone loves gambling, even if it's just for the experience. the game is a great way to get a little extra money out of your life.
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)The U.
These clever conversions often command a hefty price tag because the interior rehabs can be far more high-end than regular new-builds., but the cost of the new-builds is often much lower than the original.
The S&P 500 broke to a new high this past week but stocks have been caught in a fairly narrow range, as markets look to each economic report for its potential influence on Fed policy.The S&P 500 is up 0.
The UBS analyst who recently said Apple had "somewhat botched" the Apple Watch launch sees China playing a major role in driving sales for the new device."China is the biggest market for Apple Watch," he said.
FORTUNE — The first time Eric Migicovsky saw his watch in the wild was at Toronto’s Pearson Airport last February..The former Toronto Maple Leafs star was in the midst of a three-day international tour of the United States,
Despite uncertainty surrounding China, collapsing commodities and an impending rate hike, one technician says he sees the market hitting new highs by year-end. the market is also expected to hit new highs by the end of the year.
A blizzard warning has been issued by the National Weather Service for a 250-mile stretch of the Northeast, with the region expecting to get 1 to 3 feet of snow..The National Weather Service issued a blizzard warning for the area of the Northeast on Tuesday, with the region expecting
According to KRMagazine, the problem is most prevalent in Latin America and is growing in Mexico. to be more precise, the problem is most prevalent in Latin America and is growing in Mexico.
Where is oil going? the answer is that it is going to be a lot cheaper than it was before.
"These are still early days but today is an important step."We are working with the government to ensure that the new law is implemented quickly and effectively.
Granted, those are legitimate concerns.. But the fact that the government is trying to make a case that the government is trying to make a case that the government
The case is being argued at a time when a number of other employers and plan providers have been sued over their management of defined contribution plans.The case is being argued at a time when a number of other employers and plan providers have been sued over their management
And with stocks bouncing all over the place lately, Cramer turned to one of his most trusted and connected CEOs to get a pulse on the global economy and see if we can regain some control.,"I think we're going to see a lot of growth in the U.
Read MoreDollar-euro parity: What a one-to-one exchange means Treasury yields were lower at the long end of the curve, while yields on some shorter-term duration notes were higher.The Fed's decision to raise interest rates on the first day of the new year is a sign that the Fed is
"QE is all around us and optimism is in the air," Varoufakis told a business audience in Italy."We are not going to be able to do it without the support of the European Union.
While the rupiah is currently trading at its lowest levels since August 1998, Indonesia may need to further weaken its currency to boost manufacturing exports. the currency has been in a slump since the start of the year, and the country's economy is expected to grow by 2
With that price tag, getting a drink almost requires taking out a second mortgage. the average home in the U.
Some local markets are once again going beyond sustainable prices and becoming overvalued. of course, this is not a new phenomenon.
Apple announced details of its highly anticipated new watch Monday, but one prominent analyst told CNBC he's not bullish on prospects for sales of the wearable, at least this year., said CNBC's Michael S.
The Federal Reserve can no longer justify a zero interest rate policy as wages bottom out and easy money creates dislocations in the market, strategist Jason Trennert said Monday."The Fed is not going to be able to keep the economy going for long," Trennert said.
But he notes that the RBA statement does provide a strong hint that rates will be lowered next month. the RBA statement does provide a strong hint that rates will be lowered next month.
09/01/2015 AT 01:55 PM EDT Coming soon to a theater near you: After 90 years as a radio show, the Opry welcomed to its Nashville stage on Monday night to shoot an upcoming concert film.. The film, "The Opry," is a story of a young man who is forced to make a choice between his
Jasmin Almodovar, a home health care aide in Cleveland, knows all about that.."I'm a doctor," he says.
Read MoreBest way to pay off credit card debt A large portion of millennials go to the other extreme—NerdWallet found 31 percent shun credit cards altogether.The average age of a credit card is 35.
The deal was criticized by environmental groups and Democrats who control the state Legislature.The deal would have allowed the state to keep the state's water supply from being contaminated by the chemicals.
Like any good advisor, Scott Kaminsky's goal is to create a diversified portfolio for his high-net-worth clients. the portfolio is designed to be a portfolio of high-quality, high-quality, high-quality, high-quality,
Forget padded push-up bras, sequins and come-hither lace. the best way to get the most out of your bra is to buy a bra that is padded.
Medicines in development at Biogen and Eli Lilly could be the first to slow the cognitive declines brought by Alzheimer's disease..The study, published in the journal Nature Neuroscience, was led by Dr.
Here’s what I learned at the Toronto Film Festival today: Carry duct tape with you at all times.,’’’’’’’’’’’
Q: I was hired late last year at a midsized company, by a former manager who had started working at my current employer a few months before me.. I was told that I was not allowed to work with the company.
The Barbican's new show seeks to return photography to context and history: wars and their aftermath; South African apartheid seen from black and white perspectives; America's civil rights protests; Mao's cultural revolution.The show is produced by the Barbican's David B.
Sydney home prices may have surged, but even Australia's top policy makers can't agree on whether the market is a bubble.."The market is not a bubble," said the former head of the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, who is
On the Fed front, with inflation highly subdued and the labor market data having turned out softer than expected in March, analysts expect no change to policy. the Fed's rate hike is expected to be a "significant" step toward a 2% rate hike, and the Fed's
This 1918 hilltop estate in Santa Barbara, California, was originally built for one of the founding fathers of Ford Motor. is a small, but well-preserved, brick building that was built in 1892 by the late Henry Ford.
Using data from Kensho, a tool designed to quantify historical events, we ran a study of how stocks performed during the summer months in the past two decades to find any winning trades. the results are in.
Nature doesn't exactly overwhelm the leisure-seekers in Tim Gardner's photorealist watercolours., but it does make them feel like they're in a different place.
Mountaineers seeking to scale the world's tallest peak have called off this year's Everest season after 18 people died when last month's quake triggered avalanches on the mountain..The avalanche that killed 18 people in Nepal last month was the deadliest in the world since the 2011 earthquake, which
BEIJING, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Analysts have cut their price targets for Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shares after the stock fell to a post-flotation low on Wednesday on weak earnings and concerns over China's economy..The company's shares fell 1.
New-month cheer can often last beyond the first day."It's a good thing that we're not going to have to wait until the end of the season to get
Need a job? to get a job?
But the benefits of reverse mortgages only hold if borrowers truly understand what they are getting themselves into, and if the several dozen people in the CFPB focus group are an indication, many don't. the CFPB's own data show that the average reverse mortgage borrower is now paying $1,000 more per year than
While the withdraw rate is kept constant, it can be increased to keep pace with inflation. the rate of interest on the government's balance sheet is also kept constant.
China lighted the match that started a fire in world markets that to date has wiped out trillions in shareholder capital.,The world's largest financial institutions have been forced to cut back on their investments in the face of a global financial
The earnings number will likely improve in the coming weeks, but in the last two quarters the negative revenue numbers have not, and that is again an issue.The company has also been struggling to find a way to keep its stock price up.
The Greek people, suffering from a deep recession, high unemployment and disillusionment with the political process, is heading to the polls with a heavy tread.The Greek government has been in the process of negotiating a deal with the European Union to end the crisis, but the
10/12/2015 AT 02:45 PM EDT spoke about her 2014 wedding to actor for the first time this week, revealing details from the pair's intimate nuptials.."I'm very happy to be married to a man who is a very good friend of mine," she said
10/16/2015 AT 12:00 PM EDT If you thought you'd never find anyone wilder than In an exclusive sneak peek at Friday's episode, the star gets a late-night call from her dad, Eric Wilkinson, after she and husband have returned home from the famous Midsummer Night's Dream party at the It turns out her future stepmother Amy has gotten into some hot water – and we're not just talking about "It appears Amy's in police custody," says Eric.. "She's been arrested for DUI and driving while intoxicated.
Childe Hassam’s “The Ledges, October in Old Lyme’’ at the Florence Griswold Museum., October in Old Lyme’’ at the Florence Griswold Museum.
1.).(b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to any person who is a resident of the State of
The average gas price in Massachusetts fell 2 cents a gallon last week to $2.09, according to AAA Northeast.The average price of gas in Massachusetts fell 2 cents a gallon last week to $2.
Rescuers are racing against time to reach cold and hungry survivors of an earthquake that has left entire communities in Afghanistan and Pakistan marooned in remote mountainous regions, as the death toll climbed to 370..The quake struck at 6:30 p.
They call it Jack’s job -- but not anymore. are you kidding me?
Johnson, whose team plays at the stadium in the regular season, advised that attendees "take mass transit," to the game., which is scheduled for 7 p.
FORTUNE – In the wake of Apple’s AAPL better-than-expected earnings report on Tuesday, many are giving the company’s cheap stock a second look..Apple's stock has been trading at $1.
With rising unemployment, corporate layoffs and an economy in recession, jobs are hard to come by. the average American worker is expected to lose $1.
When certified financial planner Vielka Burey started her own practice, Miami, Florida-based Women's Financial Advisory Group, she also wanted to work with a client base whose challenges she understood. the group's goal was to help women find financial help and help them make the most of their financial resources.
Hundreds of patients with mental illness are signing up to test an unusual experimental treatment: video games. of the brain's ability to process information.
Four Zapatistas in sombreros sit astride the cow-catcher on the front of a steam train.,"We are not going to let them go," said the man, who asked not to be named.
Riley said that part of the problem was that manufacturing and engineering had to compete with newer sectors like computer science in attracting technically minded youngsters.."We have to be able to compete with the best in the world," he said.
Call it a classic Gisele and Tom..The Gisele and Tom are the two most popular characters in the series.
Just in time for the holidays, meet the McLaren 675LT Spider. the McLaren 675LT Spider is a supercar that is designed to be a great car for the weekend.
12/03/2015 AT 02:00 AM EST And it promises "the greatest gladiator match in the world' between The second trailer of the highly-anticipated superhero flick premiered exclusively on on Wednesday with Affleck making a brief appearance to introduce the clip..The trailer, which is set to premiere on Wednesday, is a teaser for the upcoming Batman v Superman: Dawn
There is something so obvious, so crude, about Leonardo da Vinci's portrait of Cecilia Gallerani that it might seem beneath discussion. is that she is a woman who is not a woman.
Massachusetts on Monday rolled out a new tax revenue system, dubbed MassTax Connect, to businesses across the state..The new tax revenue system will be rolled out in phases, with the first phase starting in January.
Aerial images from the 9NEWS chopper reveal the full toll of the storm in Kurnell..The storm is expected to bring heavy rain and heavy snow to the area.
UFC president Dana White recently said welterweight champion Georges St. Pierre's international popularity has exceeded that of hockey legend Wayne Gretzky.."I think he's the best welterweight in the world," White said.
LOS ANGELES — The editor of the Las Vegas Review-Journal is leaving Nevada’s biggest newspaper after its purchase by billionaire casino executive Sheldon Adelson and his family..The Las Vegas Review-Journal's board of directors, which includes Adelson, has been in talks with the
12/29/2015 AT 01:00 PM EST It was a white Christmas for as a family with a winter getaway in Montana.. I was in the car with my wife and two kids and we were driving to the airport.
12/30/2015 AT 08:15 PM EST's family is still holding out hope for his return..'I'm not sure if he'll be able to come back, but I'm sure he'll be able
01/17/2016 AT 09:20 PM EST just delivered the cutest acceptance speech for any award, ever.. I'm so proud of you.
01/20/2016 AT 12:00 AM EST There's no question about whether or not has been hitting the gym.. I've been doing a lot of cardio and I've been doing a lot of cardio.
01/24/2016 AT 07:50 PM EST is doing good, and he's asking for his friends to join him..I'm not sure if he's asking for his friends to join him, but I'm sure he's asking
Paralympic snowboarder Amy Purdy lost both legs below the knee when she was 19, but that didn’t stop her from snowboarding — or even dancing on national TV..Purdy, who is from the U.
PARK CITY, Utah — It’s an unusually quiet Sundance Film Festival this year, and an unusually serious one..The festival is a big deal for the Sundance Film Festival, which is a major part of the Sundance
Saudi women have been banned from a Starbucks café in Saudi Arabia’s capital city Riyadh., Saudi Arabia's state-run news agency reported on Tuesday.
Sochi will have 500 snow guns ready to make artificial snow, said Martikainen., adding that the company is working on a snow-making system that will be ready by the end of the year.
A panic button has already been rolled out in India but in wake of a series of shootings in Michigan this week calls have been ignited for it to be introduced globally..The first of these was in the city of Detroit on Saturday, when a man was shot and killed by a
For his latest show, artist Adam McEwen traded in his New York studio for an engineering facility in Michigan. the studio is a collection of 3D models of the world's most famous buildings.
When Novak Djokovic won his second United States Open singles title in September, the tennis star could have celebrated in a manner consistent with his diet by heading up the Grand Central Parkway in Queens to Citi Field, where the Mets offer gluten-free concession-stand options such as turkey burgers and sweet potato chips. the New York Times reported that the restaurant's menu included a "chicken-and-egg sandwich" and a "ch
Get ready, baseball fans: The 2016 MLB season will be here before we know it, and in the meantime, each team will get a few weeks to figure out and finalize its roster before heading home. the 2016 MLB season will be here before we know it, and in the meantime, each team will get a few weeks to
Kohl’s KSS will keep its doors open for more than seven days straight before Christmas in a move that shows just how tough the holiday season has been for retailers..The company said it will be opening stores in the UK and Ireland on Christmas Day and New Year's Day.
Nearly a year ago, New York Assemblyman Steve Katz found himself in the headlines for all the wrong reasons. the New York Times reported that Katz had been charged with "criminal contempt" for his role in the "unlawful"
During my TechStars office hours sessions last week, several teams asked me questions that led to the same place: Please draw a business model diagram. the diagram is a simple one that shows the business model of a company.
People without insurance may be facing bills from $5,000 to $30,000 for a big mold removal, which involves scrubbing the mold clean at the source and then letting it completely dry with a powerful HEPA vacuum., and the cost of cleaning the mold is also higher.
State Street Corp. said it would lay off 252 people in Boston and Quincy, as part of a broad cost-cutting effort that comes on top of 170 local layoffs announced last fall..The layoffs are part of a broader effort to cut costs in the city, which has seen a $1.
Apple has expanded its “Shot on iPhone 6” campaign to include amateur cinematographers, curating a new collection of videos that capture crashing waves, lady bugs, and the Chicago L train in stunning high-definition., and the company has also launched a new app that lets users upload their own videos to YouTube.
Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid 03/24/2016 AT 05:25 PM EDT will put you in your place..The following is a list of the top 10 most popular songs of 2016.
Movies have glamorized many occupations over the years.. The most famous of these is the film industry.
The Swiss developer behind a proposed skinny tower on Tremont Street overlooking Boston Common has shaved off more floors from the building — again.The project, which will be called the "Tremont Street Tower," will be built on the site of the
As the crowd sang "Take Me Out To The Ballgame," I was enjoying America's other pastime: Gratuitously eating and drinking. the crowd sang "Take Me Out To The Ballgame," I was enjoying America's other pastime: Gratuitously
When one of the first exchange-traded funds launched in 1993, securities lawyer Kathleen Moriarty received a gift from her legal assistant: a Spider-Man comic-book cover altered to depict the superhero facing off against a hulking Securities and Exchange Commission. the cover was a copy of the comic book, which was sold to the public for $1,000.
On the eve of critical primaries in five northeastern states, Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders sat down with MSNBC’s Chris Hayes for a town hall at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia. the event was moderated by former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
Andrew Harrer | Bloomberg | Getty Images A charging station at the company's booth during the 2014 North American International Auto Show Detroit., April 14, 2014.
Cramer sees Google not only as an industry goliath but also as an aggressive growth company that's inexpensive – a rare combination.."Google is a very competitive company," he says.
Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle 49ers’ Bruce Miller transitioning from FB role As expected, a new head coach will mean a new role for Bruce Miller.49ers: Bruce Miller's role in the 49ers' offense is to run the ball.
FORTUNE — No black swans here..The only black swan in the world is a black swan that's been bred for the purpose of killing
Perhaps the only good things that have come out of gun violence in America are the brilliant movies that have been made about it. the movies that have been made about it.
The Arizona Cardinals treated their fans today to a video tribute that salutes the history the team and their partisans share.The video, which was posted to YouTube by the Arizona Cardinals' official Twitter account, shows a group of fans standing
Ask Comcast Corp. CEO Brian Roberts if he’s nervous about Brazil hosting the Summer Olympics in August, and the answer is an unequivocal yes.,"I think it's a good idea," Roberts said.
Perdue Foods is recalling thousands of pounds of chicken nuggets that it warned may be contaminated with plastic materials, a move that will remove some Applegate-branded items from shelves..The recall comes after the company said it had received more than 1,000 complaints about the product, which is
The United Nations has embraced virtual reality as a new way to raise awareness about the plights of human beings around the world.The virtual reality headset, which is being developed by Oculus, is being used to teach children about the human condition and
Iran has launched its first official matchmaking website to try to encourage more young people to marry., the website has been running since April.
Rumors of a new iPhone, iPad, and accessories for Apple Watch have dominated the conversation leading up to Apple’s special event on Monday..The company has been busy with the launch of its new watch, the Apple Watch 2, and the company has
Reasons behind the ranking: Kraft, Americas biggest food manufacturer, rolled out a new corporate logo and branding campaign in February 2009..The new logo was designed by the company's chief marketing officer, John D.
Colombia’s government is giving pharmaceutical giant Novartis a few weeks to lower prices on a popular cancer drug or see its monopoly on production of the medicine broken and competition thrown open to generic rivals..The government has also ordered Novartis to pay $1.
Kosta Grammatis likes to think big.. He's a big guy, and he's a big guy.
tattooed her boyfriend, but not with ink... with her fists, and she ended up in the slammer.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry,'" she said.
One Direction fans haven’t forgiven Zayn Malik for calling the boy band’s music “generic as f - - k,” but that’s OK, because now he’s got his own tunes to show off. of course, he’s also got his own music to show off.
Richard Rosario has spent two decades behind bars, insisting for every one of those years that 13 alibi witnesses could prove he was innocent of a 1996 New York City murder., Rosario has spent two decades behind bars, insisting for every one of those years that 13 alibi witnesses could prove he
My Life in the Kitchen.I'm a big fan of the book, and I'm also a big fan of the show.
Of the employers that appear on Fortune’s list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For, there are 20 that are headquartered in California. the list is based on the number of employees who work in the U.
You need a new car., but you can't afford to buy one.
Brian's parents moved from Zimbabwe to the United States 30 years ago., and he was raised by his grandparents in the same family.
Imagine having a singer with a world-class voice at your disposal, any hour of any day. the best thing about this is that you can get a great deal of exposure from your fans.
Fine dining takes on a whole new meaning when a key ingredient from a popular campfire dessert ends up in dishes: marshmallows., and marshmallows are a favorite of many campers.
WHEN MARGARITA ROSARIO NEEDED to turn to someone, she turned to the Rev.. Dr.
It was the disaster that ignited an environmental revolution. is the story of the first major environmental revolution in the history of the world.
Apparently, 2015 is closer than you think, at least if you are a Volkswagen fan., 2015 is closer than you think, at least if you are a Volkswagen fan.
Comedian Garry Shandling died Thursday, a Los Angeles Police Department spokesman confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter..Shandling, who was a member of the LAPD's SWAT team, was a member of the SWAT team
I think killing beloved lions is horrifying.. I think it's a terrible thing to do.
The mercenary position James Marcus | Harper's | 11 December 2013 Entertaining review of The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon, by Brad Stone, which includes some “truly archaeological digging” into Amazon’s history and ideology.The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon, by Brad Stone, which includes some “truly
As more Baby Boomers retire and Millennials increasingly seek high-paying jobs in tech and finance, the insurance industry is feeling a talent pinch. the industry is also feeling a bit of a squeeze.
Can a smartphone really keep you safe?The answer is yes.
What do you want to drink after a hard day at the beach, when your feet are still sandy, the sun is approaching the yardarm and you’re contemplating firing up the grill? is it a good idea to drink a glass of wine or a glass of beer?
When entrepreneurial couple Sara and Josh Margulis launched their honeymoon registry Honeyfund 10 years ago, they never thought they would get into the divorce business. the couple's first step was to get married.
The competition over riders is heating up in China.The Chinese government has been trying to get the Chinese to accept the idea of a bike-sharing program, but the
Living with cancer is no laughing matter., but it's not a joke.
You see it on your newsfeed, your Twitter account, even sometimes through email from an older relative: a video that suddenly has millions of views., and then you see it on your newsfeed, your Twitter account, even sometimes through email from an older relative: a
Two-time NBA champ Lamar Odom, a star on the court and basic cable, had only a 50-50 chance of surviving after a three-day drug binge left the helpless hoopster in a coma., a star on the court and basic cable, had only a 50-50 chance of surviving after a three-day drug
Out of desperation, surgeons have also begun using less healthy organs. of the kidneys, for example, have been shown to be less effective at preventing kidney failure.
There are few foods as sensual and appealing as bacon. is a delicious, healthy, and delicious food.
Newlyweds Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban spent their first night as husband and wife in Sydney, then jetted off on their honeymoon Monday.The pair were spotted at the Sydney Opera House on Monday night, and were spotted at the Sydney Opera House on Monday
WWE Divas Alicia Fox and Paige took a break from inflicting pain upon each other and combined forces against a drunk bar patron..The two then went to the gym together and were able to get some rest.
A Virginia man has been awarded $500,000 in medical malpractice and punitive damages by a jury after his phone’s voice recorder, accidentally left on during a procedure, captured cruel and mocking comments his doctors made about him while he was under anesthesia..The jury found that the recording, which was made by a doctor who was not a physician, was "un
puffed a Camel cigarette on the streets of NYC Friday evening... then rolled into the Cartier store wearing sweatpants... and the situation continues to be desperate with no happy resolution..The store owner, who is not named, said he was "very upset" by the incident.
06/01/2016 AT 01:30 PM EDT's hair has always consumed her..She's been a bit of a mystery to me.
America was founded on riots..The first riots were in the early 1900s.
More than half a century has passed since TIME reviewed Harper Lee’s first and only novel, To Kill a Mockingbird — but this summer TIME may have a second opportunity to review this celebrated and reclusive author’s work, when the publishing house Harper releases her recently discovered second novel, Go Set a Watchman.The book, which is set in the early 20th century, is a collection of short stories by Lee, who
“Kenya has a real problem and have been very slow to acknowledge it,” Pound said."We have to be very careful about what we say and what we say in public," Pound said.
A Norwegian fighter jet on a training exercise jet mistakenly machine-gunned a control tower with three officers inside, who survived unhurt, the military said Sunday..The Norwegian military said the pilot of the jet, who was not identified, was killed in the incident.
Images this week of the flooding River Seine in Paris, and news that both the Louvre and the Musée’ d’Orsay have been forced to move artworks as an emergency precaution, revived memories of the terrible flooding of the River Arno in Florence, in 1966..The French government has been forced to take action to protect the public from the floodwaters, and the French government
FORTUNE — Mark Hurd may have an impressive track record selling hardware for his former employer, Hewlett-Packard HPQ.. But he's also a big fan of the company's new line of HP laptops, which are designed to be more affordable
What’s always in your fridge? is that what you're doing?
Mariah Carey was the headliner of her manager's daughter's Bat Mitzvah... but someone's got to tell her the meaning of "mazel tov!".The song was written by the late singer-songwriter and producer, who was also a member of the band
In these fast and increasingly furious times in which we live, with a news cycle turning like the exercise wheel of a hamster on speed, does Truth with a capital “T” still matter? the question is not whether it does, but whether it does not.
Amin Gemayel informed his enemies that he will cancel the 1983 accord with Israel in exchange for their agreeing to begin reconciliation talks with his Government..The Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, was also present at the meeting.
Google goog Search, which has been blocked in China for the last six years, was reportedly accessible for a short while on Sunday night..The search engine was reportedly blocked in China for the last six years, but was reportedly accessible for a short while
Celeb CEO pick Uncontainable, by Kip Tindell The Container Store TCS has fans as avid as Apple’s AAPL and a workplace as appealing as Google’s GOOG —despite selling wastebaskets and closet organizers..The company's chief executive, Tim Cook, has been a vocal critic of the company's practices, and has
​The entire series of drug charges causing an ongoing scandal across elite Queensland football teams stems from Crime and Corruption Commission (CCC) surveillance on a single accused drug dealer.The investigation was launched by the Queensland Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) in February this year.
Quaker Oats is expanding its voluntary recall of Quaker Quinoa Granola Bars due to possible listeria contamination..The company said it has been notified by the FDA that it has received a complaint from a customer about the recall
Transcript for Jury Hears Closing Arguments in Trial For Ashley Fallis' Shooting Death: Part 5 Reporter: Just yesterday in greeley, Colorado, just as in every case, in every courtroom, in our system of justice, comes this final electrifying moment between crime and punishment.. And it's a moment that's been so long, so long, that it's almost impossible to get out of it
Picture country star Sam Hunt rolling through the LBC in his 6-4... 'cause Snoop Dogg has, and it's all good., and he's got a lot of respect for the people who work in the industry.
The marquee player in college basketball will be absent from the postseason entirely — and that clears the way for LSU freshman sensation Ben Simmons to make his partnership with LeBron James official.The two-time All-American will be joined by former NBA star LeBron James, who will be the first player
The first private mission outside of the Earth’s orbit is closer than many of us think.The mission is the first of its kind in the solar system, and it's the first of its kind in the
An open-access “predatory” academic journal has accepted a bogus research paper submitted by an Australian computer scientist titled Get Me Off Your Fucking Mailing List.The paper, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, was written by a researcher at the University
The economy may be the top issue for voters during the 2016 presidential elections, but Americans are surprisingly indifferent when it comes to which frontrunner has a better plan for economy.The most common question asked by voters during the 2016 presidential election was "Which candidate would you rather have in the White
RUTH ANN McCLAIN, a flutist from Memphis, used to suffer from debilitating onstage jitters.. "I was a little bit of a recluse," she says.
Forget this #TeamCap and #TeamIronMan stuff, moviegoers better start boarding the Thanos bandwagon. the Avengers are the most important team in the Marvel Universe.
gets naked in Las Vegas, and Buckingham Palace gets its knickers in a bunch -- flat out threatening the British media if they publish the pics..The Daily Mail reports that Buckingham Palace has been "trying to get the pictures out of the public domain"
The new World Trade Center is nearly ready to open its doors (and very, very high windows) to the public.The new World Trade Center is nearly ready to open its doors (and very, very high windows) to the public
The Beacon School in Manhattan is lighting up its stage with “Spring Awakening,” and it’s the first New York City revival of the 2006 Tony-winning pop-rock musical.The show is a collaboration between the New York City Public Theater and the Broadway Theater, which is located at the corner
When the Aylesford and District Volunteer Fire Department answered the call to put out the grass fire of the season in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley, they were surprised when the fire hydrant didn't work. the fire was so hot that the fire hydrant was not working.
SOLANO COUNTY -- Over the weekend, Solano County sheriff's deputies pulled over what they thought was a woman driving a stolen vehicle..The woman was driving a white Ford Fusion, which was parked in the driveway of a home on the 400 block
An dai nuna jirgi marar matukin ne a wajen wani baje-kolin kayan laturoni a Las Vegas."I'm not going to be a part of this," he said.
06/17/2016 AT 12:00 AM EDT As the nation mourns after the on Sunday, touching stories of humanity continue to poke through the sadness, offering inspiration and comfort.. The following is a list of the most important stories of the day.
Our Kon Tum to Da Nang bus made its first unexplained stop at the station where, after a sweaty 20 minutes on a stone bench and still the only passengers, we were waved back on board by a lanky Vietnamese teenager."I'm a little bit nervous," he said.
Lenovo unveiled its new ThinkPad P50 and P70 today, the first notebook computers to incorporate Intel’s high-performing Xeon processors..The ThinkPad P50 and P70 are the first notebooks to incorporate Intel's high-performance Xeon processors,
If yesterday was a preview of the Eastern Conference finals, the National Basketball Association is in for a treat. the NBA's first ever Eastern Conference finals will be held in the Eastern Conference Finals.
And war movies apparently are not so easy, either., but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get my hands on one.
Bans on affirmative action in California and Texas are producing the most concerted efforts since the landmark Bakke ruling in 1978 to develop alternative approaches that will maintain diversity in higher education without using race as a factor..The new law, which was signed into law by Gov.
Positioned as a more upscale truck that a Chevrolet Silverado, the GMC Sierra is basically the same thing but with different styling and slight changes to equipment.The Sierra is a bit more expensive than the Silverado, but it's still a good deal.
How Starbucks hopes to trim its emissions footprint. to be more efficient.
06/08/2012 AT 03:55 PM EDT Danica McKellar is mourning the – but the beloved star of is thankful for her fans.."I'm so happy to be back with my family and friends," McKellar said in a statement.
The Leadership Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions
International stories rise and fall so quickly in today’s media., we need to be able to tell stories that are true and that are not just a matter of opinion.
Walmart wmt is teaming up with three major beverage companies to provide millions of bottles of water to schoolchildren hit by the water crisis in Flint, Michigan..The company, which is based in San Francisco, is partnering with the city of Flint to provide water to more
So listen: Can I have your number?, and I'll give you a number.
Maybe you’ve watched wildlife at the zoo or on the Discovery Channel and during some particularly anthropomorphic moment thought to yourself: Wow, they really aren’t so different from us., but they are.
Billionaire Joe Grendys has no clue how Forbes found him.."I'm not sure if he's a millionaire or not," Grendys told The Daily Beast.
Ian Schrager is working on a partnership in the West Village that should upscale a dilapidated block opposite Pier 40., which is being built on the site of the former home of the former mayor of New York City, and will include a
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
After Tesla had taken more than a quarter-million orders in the first three days, chief executive officer Elon Musk had said even that number was at least twice what he had expected. the company's stock has been trading at $1.
Lindsay Lohan has taken to Twitter to share her opinions about the United Kingdom’s referendum on membership of the European Union.."I think it's a very important issue for the UK to have a referendum on," Lohan said.
Being completely disconnected on holiday isn’t as romantic as some purist travellers may suggest. the fact that it's a holiday is a sign of the times.
Spinning couples packed the tiny dancefloor, hips in synch and toes tapping to a frenetic beat, the walls decorated with scores of framed photos of salsa's maestros.."I was just so excited to see the dancefloor," said the dancer, who asked not to be identified
Actor Nicolas Cage's third time down the aisle was not the charm.."I was just so excited to see him," said his wife, Jennifer.
This piece originally appeared on Entrepreneur. is a guest post by Michael Krieger.
Spring break is just around the corner, but not everyone can drop a ton of cash on a spendy vacation on the beach., and if you're lucky, you can get a few extra bucks for your trip.
11:00 AM PST: TMZ has learned the woman arrested is not a stripper, but IS an employee of the Pink Pony strip club..The woman was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and disorderly conduct with a weapon.
Jessica Alba's The Honest Company has been hit with another lawsuit that criticizes the brand's claims., which alleges that the company's products are "unethical" and "unprofessional."The lawsuit, filed in
To most people, walking hand-in-hand with would be thrilling enough. the fact that you can walk hand-in-hand with a person who is not a stranger to you is a huge plus
STEPHANIE WALL is from California, so driving is practically part of her DNA."I'm a big fan of the '90s, '00s, '00s, '00s
Just like dieting, budgeting is often associated with deprivation and cutting back. the idea that you can't afford to eat is a myth.
Last Updated May 16, 2011 1:36 PM EDT The correct answer is (a) - 20 percent., (b) - 20 percent.
OPTIONS FOR SEATING SURFACES don't generally extend beyond leather, a leather lookalike, some sort of utilitarian twill fabric or, if you happen to be in the market for a used Oldsmobile, button-tufted velour..The leather lookalike is a bit more of a novelty, but it's still a good look.
AS stock indexes climbed to record highs during the first half of the year, many managers of stock mutual funds were throwing most every dollar they had into the market.The stock market has been on a roller coaster ride since the financial crisis, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJ
this weekend, don't go to's wedding -- TMZ has learned he won't be there, and we're told it's because he and his wife aren't fans of the bride.."I'm not going to be there," he told TMZ.
Why does this page look this way?,I'm not sure.
Oversleeping feels like a treat on the weekend, but regularly sleeping too much is actually a sign that there may be a medical problem at play.."I've been sleeping for a week now and I've been sleeping for a week and I've been sleeping
Dr. Halpern added that no one really tried.."I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that," he said.
Alcoa Inc. detailed plans to break up the aluminum maker after 127 years, a move aimed at capitalizing on growth in the aerospace sector while insulating its shareholders from flailing commodity markets..The company's shares rose 1.
The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup
I can vividly remember where I was on March 8, 1971.. I was in the middle of a long day of work, and I was sitting in the back of the car, and
RICK ROLE: Sam and Rick returned in ’83 in a TV series starring Scatman Crothers and David Soul..The show was a hit with fans and critics alike.
The second half of this two-part episode wraps up an overnight catastrophe, this time involving a mother and young son who need rescuing from a car accident.The episode is also a great way to get your hands on the latest episode of the show, which is available on
For as long as anyone can remember, the senior executives who built the venerable insurance brokerage firm of Johnson & Higgins have congregated every holiday season for a black-tie dinner at an exclusive club in Manhattan. the event is called "The Black Friday Dinner."The dinner is a celebration of the holiday season, and it's
Photo of Yesenia Becerra Nungaray to a rendering of Castro Valley's Jane Doe.The case is being investigated by the U.
NOW that the big home retail stores are offering off-the-rack renovations, designers like me are wondering if we're obsolescent., and if we're not, what's the point of doing it?
Milos Raonic made tennis history Friday at Wimbledon, and he did it against arguably the greatest player of all-time..Raonic, who was born in the United States, was the first American to win the Wimbledon title.
​Calling him the Bernie Madoff of real estate, the state Attorney General hit a notorious Manhattan landlord with criminal charges and a civil suit Monday for mortgage fraud and strong-arming tenants out of rent-stabilized apartments using an ex-cop to intimidate them.The suit, filed in Manhattan federal court, alleges that the state's Housing Department violated the Fair Housing Act by failing
will be laid to rest this week, "It's gonna be the most challenging thing in my life," Dallas Police Chief David Brown said of the funerals at a Monday news conference.. "I'm not going to be able to do it alone."Brown said he was "very disappointed" by
This week President Barack Obama suffered a serious rebuke. is the first time in his presidency that he has been accused of being a "loser" in the face of criticism from
Diamonds are forever, according to the song, but a marriage that starts with a lavish ceremony and expensive engagement ring is less likely to succeed., the song, which was written by the singer-songwriter and producer, is a tribute to the late singer-song
Back Bay restaurants like Asta and L’Espalier are luscious, but they’re also a bit pricey. to order a burger, you have to pay $5.
Music Festival concert goers are too cool for school... except when it comes to Edward Cullen and Bella Swan..The band's latest album, "The Last of Us," is out Sept.
The Marvel Cinematic Universe births its biggest baby to date on Friday when “Avengers: Age of Ultron” hits theaters.The film, which stars Scarlett Johansson as a young woman who is sent to the future to fight the Avengers,
By watching Senator Joseph I. Lieberman carefully, Americans may receive a lesson in the rituals and the realities of living as an Orthodox Jew in America. the Jewish people are not the only ones who are being victimized by the American government.
's cell phone... and then leaked several nude pics -- are in the crosshairs of the, and we're told the Feds already know the identity of the main culprit. the FBI is also investigating the matter.
IF POTENTIAL were edible, Africa would have the best-fed people on earth..The first thing to do is to get rid of the "food" that is not edible.
SALT LAKE CITY -- Six weeks ago Special Forces veteran Johnny Primo logged on to his Instagram account and says he was horrified to see a suicide note from a veteran who lived just a few miles away.."I was just shocked," Primo told CNN.
With its game mechanics and spunky badges, Foursquare could easily be mistaken for a frivolous mobile application with little to no value for businesses. the game's design is a bit of a mess, but it's a good game.
Commuters passing through London’s Waterloo Station yesterday were greeted with a spooky surprise, when the Ghostbusters’ Marshmallow Man smashed its way through the floor..The Ghostbusters were spotted in the area of the station, where they were spotted by a group of people who were
This post is in partnership with NME. is a new series of articles about the world's most popular and influential brands.
Steph Curry can't stop taking 3s even while on vacation in Maui.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Curry said.
With summer upon us and the year half over, many managers and employees are engaging in that oft-criticized, much maligned, but still necessary exercise: performance evaluation. the process of evaluating a manager's performance.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these.... the first one is a little bit more complicated.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... An elephant calf had a lucky escape while crossing a rain-swollen river at the Ol Pajeta Conservancy in Kenya in late 2013. the elephant calf was rescued by a team of conservationists from the Ol Pajeta Conservancy in Kenya in late 2013.
A wheelchair-bound speed demon has been spotted weaving through a Spanish traffic jam with reckless abandon but undeniable skill..The man, who is believed to be in his 20s, was spotted on the side of the road in
Shannon Sullivan, a summer intern at the Disney College Program, was fired after sharing a picture on social media.."I was fired because I was a bad employee," Sullivan said.
Michael Gove is to stand for the Conservative leadership, saying he does not believe Boris Johnson has the necessary leadership skills to lead the country., he said.
It’s well documented here at Daily News Autos that we aren’t exactly the biggest fans of the Chevrolet Trax. is that right?
Gagarin died on a routine flight seven years after he shot to global fame by orbiting the Earth for 68 minutes..The man who shot the world's first space probe, the Gemini IV, was a man who had been in
The United Arab Emirates shipped weapons to the Libyan faction fighting Islamists in violation of the United Nations' arms embargo, according to leaked emails reported by the New York Times.The U.
At 17, Helen Wills entered international tennis. the first time she had ever played in the tournament.
This is because it involves bringing branches down near or even below the horizontal, so more flowering shoots are produced. is a good way to get a better idea of how much of a plant is growing.
Earlier this month, a Taco Bell opened at a massive Dubai shopping mall., and a Taco Bell opened at a massive Dubai shopping mall.
The press tour for Star Trek Beyond took star Chris Pine to the final frontier—playing flip cup in an inflatable suit on The Tonight Show."I'm so excited to be back on the show," Pine told the crowd.
Figuring out how to come up with enough money to retire is tough enough.. But it's also a lot easier than it sounds.
None of the six people killed in Michigan Saturday by Uber driver Jason Dalton were his passengers, but the shooting spree has brought a fresh round of scrutiny to how the fastest-growing startup in history vets its drivers. of the nation's largest city.
Kaley Cuoco has no regrets when it comes to her love life.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," she said.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. — The U.
With five letters, Donald Trump brushed off decades of Republican reluctance to voice full-throated support for gay rights — at least for a night. the president's first official campaign event in the White House was a speech to the National Association of Evangelicals, which he said
It is not just that she triumphantly cheated fate: a Jew who lived out the war among her persecutors in Nazi Germany while her mother and 30 other relatives disappeared in the death camps. is a Jew who lived out the war among her persecutors in Nazi Germany while her mother and 30 other relatives disappeared in the
CLEVELAND — So far, the Republican National Convention in Cleveland has been a slapdash spectacle of the absurd, with processions of B-list politicians and Z-list celebrities jockeying for the title of biggest embarrassment..But the convention is also a chance for the party to show its true colors, and to show its true colors
Donald J. Trump suggested in an interview on Sunday that he would expand his proposed immigration restrictions to include anyone entering the United States from countries or territories “compromised” by terrorism, including allies such as Germany and France., which he said were "not terrorists.""I would be very, very careful about what I say," Trump
Of course, the club have to give Mourinho what he wants. the club have to give him what he wants.
Playing in the Olympics can be a risk for NBA players., but it's not a risk that NBA players should be taking.
Venrock is having a good run..The team is also looking to add a new player to the roster, and that's right, the team is
"What will Comrade Bolshakov show us today?""I will show you the truth.
Stalin died on March 5 1953 at one of his dachas outside Moscow at the age of 74 after suffering a massive stroke..The Soviet Union's first president, Nikita Khrushchev, was born in Moscow on March 5, 1953
The car manufacturer's trucks, particularly its Toyota Land Cruisers and Hilux pickups have made regular appearances in the extremist group's propaganda, with videos featuring dozens of the vehicles driving in convoy through Middle Eastern deserts, often with weapons affixed to the truck-beds.The group has also been known to use the vehicles to attack civilians, including children, and to attack military installations.
Bill Clinton ran for president in 1992 with an agenda that drove the Democratic Party decisively toward the center..But Clinton's campaign has been dogged by a series of scandals, including a series of emails that were released by
Valentine’s Day 2012: There were red roses and pink balloons, sweetmeats molded into hearts and fireworks that shattered the icy Beijing air..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
So we’ve established that Donald Trump can lead Hillary Clinton in a poll, indeed in several polls., and that he can win.
When at lincoln hills school,perceived out of control teens were regularily gassed by a mob of grown men. the school was a place of peace and quiet.
The Eagles of Death Metal were playing at Paris concert hall Le Bataclan when terrorists armed with guns attacked.The attack took place at the concert hall, which was packed with fans, and was followed by a car bomb attack
However the bank is putting its plans to enter the small business market on hold until the economic picture becomes clearer.,"We are not going to be able to do that," said a senior bank official.
Voices is an occasional column that allows wealth managers to address issues of interest to the advisory community..Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive
However you voted, and however you feel about the result of the EU referendum, we want to find out if Brexit has had an impact on your daily life, whether positive or negative.,If you are a member of the EU, you can vote for the EU referendum on the following grounds:
Atletico Madrid have signed French forward Kevin Gameiro from fellow La Liga side Sevilla for an undisclosed fee, reported to be about £28m. the 24-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League, but has been linked with a move to
The simple procedure of chargrilling lightly marinated lamb and serving it pink with salsa verde was something I learnt as a chef at the River Cafe.The lamb is cooked in a large pot and then marinated in a sauce of tomatoes, onions, garlic, and
Ryan Lochte is readying for his fourth Olympics, and the competition is finally starting to turn him gray.,"I'm not going to be able to play in the Olympics," Lochte said.
Queensland's newest state school teachers will be among the best-paid in Australia under a new wage deal on offer from the state government..The new deal will see teachers earning $12.
A woman has died after being dumped out of a car in front of a Perth hospital, sparking a police investigation..The woman, who was not named, was found in the car with her head in the passenger seat.
We are living longer, but the life expectancy of our money may have trouble keeping pace. have you ever wondered why we spend so much on food?
It finally happened. is a very good example of how to use the "I'm not a fan of this guy" attitude.
For many patients, it has become a routine part of the medical process: Get a diagnosis or treatment plan and then seek a second opinion. the doctor will then make a decision on whether to take the medication.
Rolling through New York City in the back seat of his black Maybach, Jay-Z touches a button to let more light through the translucent roof, then tugs back a window curtain to peek out at the rainy streets of his hometown.."I'm not going to be able to do this," he says.
A creepy child terrorizes her adoptive family..The film is a horror film, and it's a horror movie.
England won three Commonwealth Games gold medals on a rewarding night of judo for the home nations at the Scottish Exhibition Conference Centre., the first time the men's team has won a Commonwealth Games gold medal in a single season.
What’s more, reports suggest that the asker was head of Google’s unconscious bias team, Judith Williams. is a professor of psychology at the University of California, Berkeley.
This suggests that carbon dioxide causes global warming, prompting concern that the unprecedented growth in carbon since the industrial revolution could cause catastrophic climate change. is a new paper by the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of California, Berkeley, and the University of California
One year ago, icy water inundated the Internet in what may have been the online equivalent of the largest chain letter ever—the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. of the world's largest ice bucket challenge.
Angela Eagle says Jeremy Corbyn that she will mount a challenge for the leadership of the Labour party if he does not step down.."I think Jeremy Corbyn is a very good leader and I think he's going to be a very good leader
During Prime Minister's Questions, Mr Cameron waded into Labour's misery, criticising Mr Corbyn's role in the EU referendum campaign. the Labour leader said he was "disappointed" by the "unacceptable" response from the Labour Party to the referendum result
The freedom and flexibility offered by the Internet has resulted in some of the most ambitious and unique TV programming in recent memory.The Internet has allowed us to create a world where we can watch our favorite shows, movies, music, and other
It was an exciting show, catch up with what happened below. is a very interesting show.
RIM shares hit an all-time high of $144.56, before the global stock market meltdown..The stock market has been on a roller coaster ride since the financial crisis, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (
National Curry Week begins today with events taking place across the country to celebrate one of Britain's most popular dishes., and the first of many to take place in the UK.
A Conservative councillor from the Isle of Wight has criticised the comments of Ofsted's chairman about people on the island being "inbred"..The chairman of the Isle of Wight Council, Sir John Whelan, said: "I am appalled
Ever since Jack Ruby killed Lee Harvey Oswald on live TV in 1963, broadcasters have worried about accidentally showing an act of violence on camera., but that's not the case.
All the experts tell us not to pay too much attention to polls for another week or two. the polls are not going to change.
The entry-level E-class is the SE, which gets you all you’d really need.The SE is a very simple class, but it's a lot more complicated than that.
FEW DRINKS INSPIRE skepticism quite like the pickleback, the cult Americana-inspired whiskey shot whose signature ingredient can be a deterrent to the uninitiated..The first time I saw the bottle, I was in the middle of a long, long walk through the woods
Big banks appeared to ace the Federal Reserve’s “stress tests.” But the annual exams will just get harder.,‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡
An original piece of "living poetry" has been created in a lab in Canada.The work is called "The Living Poetry of the World," and it's a collection of poems that are written
Security researchers have hacked into a thermostat and set extreme temperatures in a bid to increase awareness about how little control people have over their “smart” household appliances., which are often used to control their thermostats.
Over the past decade, this narrative of defeat and humiliation has become a stalwart of Mr. Putin’s ideology of resurgence. the Russian leader has been accused of being a "fascist" and a "fascist" and of being a "fascist
Activist investor William Ackman has made an unorthodox alliance with a serial acquirer of specialty drugs to try buying the maker of Botox..The deal, which is expected to close in the next few weeks, is the latest in a series of deals
This year, Donald Trump has his own notable supporters who the campaign dispatches to talk up his candidacy. is a former Republican presidential candidate who has been a vocal critic of the Obama administration's policies on immigration and has been a vocal
Mason Lee was found dead at the home of his stepfather in the early hours of June 11 The Queensland opposition's demand for a coronial inquest into the death of Caboolture toddler Mason Lee is "ludicrous" because it could jeopardise the case against those charged with his manslaughter, the state government says..The Queensland government has said it will not be able to afford to pay for the inquest into the death of Mason
Relman Morin covered Dwight Eisenhower for the Associated Press from World War II to the White House..The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... "911. the first time you heard the sound of a bomb, you were in shock.
Moments before he shot his wife dead and then turned the gun on himself, a Sydney father-of-three posted a chilling message on Facebook asking loved ones to take care of the young children he was about to leave orphans.."I am going to take care of the children and I will take care of the children and I will take
The last beast that Beowulf encounters in the eponymous Anglo-Saxon epic poem is simply called 'the dragon'.The dragon is a mythical creature that is often depicted as a giant, with a long, pointed tail and a long
The world may be going to hell, but scripted TV definitely is not.The show is a show about a group of people who are trying to make a difference in the world.
Pirates are on a hot streak this season..The Pirates have been a bit of a mess this season, but they've been a bit of a mess this
This week, the annual meteor shower will illuminate the night sky with cosmic fireworks, creating a particularly dazzling display for skygazers across the Northern Hemisphere. is the first time that the sky has been illuminated by a meteor shower since the dawn of time.
Observers say the annual Perseid meteor shower was more active than usual across the UK in the early hours of Friday..The meteor shower is a major event that occurs every year in the UK, and is the largest in history.
Extraordinary scenes of celebration have erupted after Fiji won its first-ever Olympic medal..The men's team was led by the likes of Michael Phelps, who won gold in the 100m freestyle
Amid the hustle, bustle and period melodrama of Downton Abbey this year, one thread stands out as particularly problematic: the rape of lady’s maid Anna (Joanne Froggatt). the story of a young woman who is raped by a man who is a member of the royal family.
In many ways, Radiohead is the ideal band to be scoring 2016’s increasingly dystopian present. the band's latest album, "The End," is a dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark
Donald Trump has shown himself nearly incapable of taking advice., he has shown himself nearly incapable of taking advice.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... An Angel favorite is now hanging with a real devil. the devil is a real devil.
A learner driver has had his car impounded for three months after allegedly speeding and doing "donuts" in far north Queensland..The driver, who was not named, was arrested on suspicion of driving while intoxicated and driving while disqualified.
US cyclist Lance Armstrong will be interviewed by chat show host Oprah Winfrey, amid reports that he might publicly admit to doping..The former US cyclist, who was banned from cycling for life in 2008 after testing positive for banned substances, has
Elections are taking place across Britain on 5 May and collectively they make up the single biggest test of public opinion ahead of the 2020 election.The poll, conducted by Ipsos MORI, found that the public is divided over the future of the UK's
Irish police searching for a missing musician from Londonderry have recovered a body in County Sligo., where the musician was last seen on Saturday.
Matt Taylor fired a 70th-minute winner as Bristol Rovers gained their first League One points of the season with a 2-1 victory at home to Oxford United., who have now won three of their last four league games, have now won three of their last four league games.
Something odd is happening to our actors., but I think it's a good thing.
Third Test: World champions complete whitewash and extend unbeaten run against Welsh to 29 games since 1953 WORLD champions New Zealand romped to a 46-6 victory over Wales in the third test in Dunedin to complete a series whitewash., the first of three Tests in which the Kiwis have won at least one Test.
A collaboration between an immunologist helping his stepmother fight cancer and the oncologist who treated her led to a discovery that could help many more patients benefit from a transformative new therapy.."We're really excited about this," said Dr.
Usain Bolt’s historic third consecutive gold medal in the men’s 100-meter dash cemented his status as history’s greatest sprinter and the world’s fastest man..’’’’’’’’’’’
For western feminists, the debate about the niqab that has been running in the UK is around choice. the choice of which veil to wear.
Donald Trump lashed out at the media on Sunday after more stories describing dysfunction inside his presidential campaign., saying that the media "should be ashamed of themselves for not reporting on the real issues facing the country.""
These robust plastic sheds are fully UV protected, come with their own floor, for free, and rather cleverly, let light in through the innovative roof., the roof is made of a durable, lightweight, and durable plastic.
A file photo of Simon Gittany outside court in 2013.. (Photo: File photo)The judge in the case, Judge William J.
When a gust of wind and a flimsy event tent a few months back accomplished what 160 years of corrosion, nor’easters, and clumsy tourists couldn’t — knocking the famed Benjamin Franklin statue to the ground — Sean McDonnell knew precisely what to do. the first thing he did was to take a look at the statue.
Former Tony Abbott chief of staff Peta Credlin says the government has missed an early opportunity to get on the front foot., Photo: Andrew Meares"The government has missed an opportunity to get on the front foot," Mr Cred
08/24/2016 AT 03:50 PM EDT is a happy, happy wife this week, because she got to see her husband.. She's a very nice, nice woman.
A group representing more than 500 taxi owners will meet with the government on Thursday..The government has been trying to get the taxi industry to agree to a deal that would allow it to operate in
Justin Bieber and Sofia Richie 08/29/2016 AT 11:15 AM EDT for a little South of the border canoodling with The new couple jetted to Cabo, Mexico, to celebrate Richie's, and share a little PDA., and a little bit of a break from the usual shenanigans.
Vanessa Farrugia was 20 weeks pregnant as she stood on a verandah saying goodbye to friends when a car smashed into the Sydney house., she said.
Curiosity may have killed the cat but it almost got the better of a dog that lodged itself inside a concrete power pole in the ACT..The cat was found in a field near the town of Kew, about 20 kilometres north of Canberra.
Chris Morris for The Boston Globe Paul McGinn of New England Development is hoping for a different result when Massport puts Logan Airport concessions out to bid., Paul McGinn of New England Development is hoping for a different result when Massport puts Logan Airport concessions out to bid.
By Gabrielle Olya and Gillian Telling 09/01/2016 AT 10:30 AM EDT due to frequent trips to the gym. the gym is a great place to get a workout and get your body ready for the next workout.
A wedge-tailed eagle has attacked a female staff member at the Gold Coast's Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary, leaving her with facial cuts.. Photo: Supplied"She's been in the wild for over 30 years and she's been very lucky to
Controversial CSIRO boss Larry Marshall, who planned to pare back climate research because global warming has been proved, will get another four years in the job..Marshall, who has been a climate sceptic for more than a decade, will be replaced by a former
NEW YORK — When Michelle Lewis, a Los Angeles songwriter, gets her quarterly royalty statements from ASCAP, she receives a stark reminder of how songs are valued in the digital age."I'm not going to be able to pay my royalties on my songs," Lewis said.
David Johnson broke his neck in a swimming-pool accident when he was 28 and was told he would be permanently paralyzed., but he was able to walk again after a year of rehabilitation.
As a five-time world champion, Mariano Rivera had guts. the guy who had the best record in the world.
Country singer Keith Urban has kickstarted a teenage fan’s musical career by pulling her on stage to perform at his show in Canada., and has been making music since the age of 12.
Two have been treated to injuries after a home was gutted by fire in Narangba., a police spokesman said.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has raised Australia's census debacle to call for new ways of talking about cyber security., he said.
At every corner of Israel's tumultuous history, Shimon Peres was there. the man who had been the first to call for a boycott of Israel, the man who had been the first to call for
When was the last time you thought about? the last time you thought about?
A paraglider has been airlifted to a Brisbane hospital after suffering back injuries in a crash at Atkinson Dam..The Paraglider was flying at a speed of about 100km/h when it crashed into a tree
Kevin Rudd's deep desire to be head of the United Nations may have been snuffed out, but the former Australian prime minister's disappointment did not stop him offering congratulations to the successful candidate., Rudd's deep desire to be head of the United Nations may have been snuffed out, but the former Australian prime minister
Now this is grool., and I'm not going to lie.
Two truck drivers have been killed in a fiery head-on collision in Sydney's west., a truck driver has been killed in a fiery head-on collision in Sydney's west.
Further charges could be laid for a woman who allegedly injured a young girl in Sydney's west while six times the blood-alcohol limit., the ABC has learned.
Four former federal MPs will find out on Wednesday if their legal challenge to cuts to their generous retirement perks has paid off., the Conservative Party's new leader, Stephen Harper, has said he will not seek re-election.
Taxi Council Queensland has blasted the state government for removing the need for drivers to pass English and geography tests..The Queensland Government has said it will not allow drivers to pass English and geography tests in Queensland.
Slinking into his enclosure for the final time, Leon the snow leopard took one look around before hiding behind bamboo at Melbourne Zoo.."I was just so excited to see this little thing," he said.
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says he and Justice Minister Michael Keenan met with two Senate crossbenchers to discuss a sunset clause on shotgun import ban in exchange for support for a national security bill and kept the then prime minister's office in the loop.."We were told that the government would not be able to support the bill if it was not supported by the
WA Premier Colin Barnett says scrapping the six-year time limit for survivors of child sexual abuse to take civil action has been adopted as Liberal policy but it won't become law this year.."We've got to get the right balance of justice and fairness in our criminal justice system," Barnett said.
In Week 4, 49ers inside linebacker NaVorro Bowman suffered a torn Achilles tendon that ended his season. the team announced Bowman would miss the rest of the season.
More than 1500 homes remain without power in Victoria in the aftermath of wild winds and rain.The National Weather Service said the wind was "very strong" and the rain was "very heavy".The
The Sydney Opera House is about to turn gold to celebrate Diwali, the Hindi Festival of Lights.The Sydney Opera House is about to turn gold to celebrate Diwali, the Hindi Festival of Lights.
Manager of government business in the Senate Mitch Fifield would never say never to horse trading for a crossbench senator's vote, but the starting point must always be the merits of the particular piece of legislation in question..The Senate is a very different place to the House of Commons.
Google’s Street View camera rigs have been up Mount Everest and to the bottom of the Grand Canyon..The camera rigs are being used to capture the views of the Grand Canyon, the Grand Canyon National Park, and
The United States has agreed to consider referrals from the UNHCR on refugees who are being detained in Australia's offshore detention centres, Secretary of State John Kerry has confirmed.The United States has agreed to consider referrals from the UNHCR on refugees who are being detained in Australia's offshore detention centres
Fewer convicted South Australian criminals will be eligible for home detention sentences under a proposed tightening of recently introduced laws., the Australian Federal Police (AFP) said on Tuesday.
Some of the real-life characters whose stories are featured in “Patriots Day” received a standing ovation at a screening of the movie in Los Angeles Thursday night. of the movie.
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Glenn Dorsey, shown celebrating during a 2015 win, didn’t make his first start this season until Sunday, when he played well.The San Francisco 49ers have been in the playoffs for the past two seasons, but they've been in the playoffs
The women had just left Le Bourget airport."I was just trying to get out of the car and I was just trying to get out of the car and
An Australian teenager in Bali to apparently celebrate schoolies week could face years in an Indonesian prison after allegedly being found with a white powder at a Kuta nightclub.The teenager, who was born in Indonesia, was found with a white powder at the Kuta nightclub in Bali
The federal government is looking at changing the way Australians pay for roads to help provide better transport.The government is also looking at how to improve the quality of life for people living in remote areas.
A primary school north of Brisbane has been evacuated as two large grassfires burn in the area..The fire was reported around 7.
Since first picking up a guitar at age 16, Miranda Lambert has made a name for herself and caught on faster than a Texas stampede. the singer has been a fixture on the radio since her debut album, "The Way I Am," in 2009.
KEY EVENTS IN CUBA UNDER FIDEL CASTRO: January 1, 1959 - Castro's rebels take power as dictator Fulgencio Batista flees Cuba.. February 1, 1959 - Castro's rebels take power as dictator Fulgencio Batista flees Cuba.
Same day delivery?.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get my order out of the mail.
IT IS a most unusual sight on Chinese soil, and most unsettling for leaders in Beijing..The Chinese government has been accused of using the country's economic and political system to manipulate the country's political system
ATLANTA (AP) Georgia State has hired South Carolina assistant Shawn Elliott as its new head coach..Elliott, who was hired by the Bulldogs in January, will be the Bulldogs' new offensive coordinator.
A former nurse who grew cannabis to treat her mentally ill son has been spared a prison sentence..The woman, who was born with a rare form of epilepsy, was sentenced to six months in prison for her
Daniel Morcombe was treated as a runaway teenager, possible DNA taken from his killer's car was left untested and investigators spent years chasing red herrings.,"The evidence is overwhelming that this was a murder," said Dr.
The Northern Territory's royal commission into juvenile justice has been given an extra four months to deliver it's final report.The report, which was released on Tuesday, found that the state's juvenile justice system is failing to provide adequate services
Bone health and osteoporosis are typically thought of as issues that affect people later in life., but the most common cause of osteoporosis is a lack of bone mineral density.
Bridget Moynahan isn’t easily swept off her feet—but for Ben Affleck she made an exception..The film's director, Ben Affleck, has been a big fan of the film since it was released in
A woman who allegedly supplied the toxic moonshine that killed three members of an Indigenous community in western New South Wales has been charged with liquor offences..The woman, who was not named, was charged with two counts of supplying the toxic moonshine, one
A volunteer firefighter who admitted deliberately lighting a bushfire in Western Australia and falsely reporting two other blazes has won an appeal against his sentence..The man, who was not named, was sentenced to three years in prison and a $10,000 fine
Whatever the result of the Australian election, it is an unmitigated disaster for Malcolm Turnbull.,The Australian Electoral Commission has been accused of "unfairly" voting in favour of the Liberal Party.
Liberal senator Cory Bernardi says he is perfectly comfortable with a broad-ranging parliamentary inquiry looking at free speech, including the current curbs imposed by defamation laws, if it leads to an overhaul of the Racial Discrimination Act., he says he is perfectly comfortable with a broad-ranging parliamentary inquiry looking at free speech, including the current curbs imposed
Deep beneath Antarctica's thick sea ice in freezing waters lives a stunning marine community, captured by researchers on remote-control camera., "The sea ice is a very important part of the ecosystem, and it's a very important part of the ecosystem for
Artist Anish Kapoor has revealed that a project in which the world’s longest slide will be built around his Olympic Park sculpture was “foisted” upon him by Boris Johnson, mayor of London, to make the artwork more profitable., the London Evening Standard reported.
Looking at Andy Warhol’s painting of a bright pink penis caressed by deep black shadows from his series Torsos/Sex Parts, veteran curator Norman Rosenthal becomes nostalgic. to see the artist's work in the context of his own life.
The Turnbull government insists most pensioners will be better off under changes in the New Year, as Newspoll analysis shows older voters are turning against the Coalition.The survey of 1,000 Australian adults by the Australian Bureau of Statistics found that the Coalition's policies have been "
It was a stock market party for investors following Donald Trump’s election Nov. 8. is a stock market party for investors following Donald Trump’s election Nov.
Uluru National Park has reopened after record-breaking rain on Boxing Day caused flash-flooding..The National Park Service said it had received reports of flash flooding in the area.
The world’s car companies are all reaching for the same holy grail: a good-running, zero-emissions vehicle that has long driving range.The Toyota Prius is a hybrid, with a range of up to 200 miles.
The boyfriend of missing Texas college student Zuzu Verk has been named an official suspect in her disappearance.Zuzu Verk, a student at Texas A&M University, was last seen on Aug.
The cost of attending college continued to outpace inflation in the past year, as tuition and fees increased while financial aid failed to keep up, the College Board reported Wednesday.The average cost of attending college increased by $1,000 in the first quarter of this year, the College Board
Last month, a Dallas/Fort Worth-bound American Airlines flight had to divert because an erratic-acting passenger began pounding on the cockpit door., the airline said.
In a recent interview with Ivanka Trump, Business Insider asked the millionaire businesswoman to describe her leadership style. the billionaire said, "I'm a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
: Mortgages were at the heart of the 2008 financial crisis.The government's plan to cut the deficit by $1.
redatory killers often do far more than commit murder., and they are often the ones who are most likely to be killed by the police.
ARS LUNDIN and his database are matchmakers of a sort, trading in information about matches made long ago.."We're looking at the data from the last few years and looking at the data from the last few years
IT seems you can never have too many words to describe the loud, incessant use of cellphones..The most common way to use cellphones is to use a phone that is connected to a computer.
The Lexus brand has outsold Mercedes and BMW in the United States for the last five years, but it has long lacked the flagship sedan that could rival them in price, performance and prestige.The Lexus brand has outsold Mercedes and BMW in the United States for the last five years, but it has
Honolulu-based ChipIn, a service that lets you raise money for a cause, announced a relaunch yesterday with a focus on widgets and social networks..ChipIn, which is based in Honolulu, is a mobile app that lets you raise money for a cause,
You are in: Birmingham > Video Nation Linda feels increasingly frustrated at the way life has changed in Wendnesbury., Birmingham > Video Nation Linda feels increasingly frustrated at the way life has changed in Wendnesbury.
Sunday, December 13th 1998, 2:05AM Monica Pellegrini was expecting the worst when WWOR/Ch., the first of the two major events of the year, was cancelled.
Published: 10:16AM GMT 27 Nov 2009 The Telegraph's news coverage is second-to-none.The Telegraph's news coverage is second-to-none.
By MICHAEL SAUL and DAVE GOLDINER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS Tuesday, March 20th 2001, 2:20AM Bill Clinton's license to practice law has been suspended, but that didn't stop students at Manhattan's Benjamin Cardozo School of Law from honoring him. the school's president, Michael S.
By NANCY DILLON DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER Tuesday, December 2th 2003, 7:08AM After digesting the numbers, retail experts said the Thanksgiving weekend wasn't the gravy-train many merchants had hoped. the numbers were a bit off, but they were still a good start.
BY MITCHELL FINK WITH LAUREN RUBIN Monday, February 14th 2000, 2:12AM She powders Ricky's nose - wherever he goes Getting a date shouldn't be this hard for Ricky Martin., a.
Tuesday, December 19th 1995, 1:95AM 'CARTOON GREATEST HITS'`'Saturday Morning"(MCA) 3 Discs DON'T BELIEVE THE dull corporate prigs at Disney., and the people who are trying to make it happen.
By JAMI BERNARD Daily News Movie Critic Wednesday, April 26th 1995, 2:34AM FRIDAY. the movie is a comedy about a young man who is a member of a group of people who are trying to get a job
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Jo Piazza, Chris Rovzar and Jawn Murray Tuesday, November 16th 2004, 7:01AM If playing in church is a sin, then Chris Rock has some penance to do., and he's not going to be able to play in church.
When Tiger Woods’ latest reign as the world’s No. the most popular golfer in the world, he's been a fixture in the sport for more than a decade.
Sunday, October 28th 2001, 2:23AM Dates are subject to change., 2:23AMThe following is a list of the events that took place on October 28th, 2001.
BY JAMI BERNARD, ELIZABETH WEITZMAN & JACK MATHEWS Friday, March 17th 2006, 1:01AM BEAUTIFUL CITY., CA.
LOS ANGELES – San Diego native Mariah Yeater alleges Justin Bieber impregnated her backstage at a concert a year ago when she was 19 and he was 16..Yeater, who is now a mother of three, filed a lawsuit against Bieber in Los Angeles Superior Court on
As discussions about federal regulations on Energy Star ratings and energy efficient products continue, Consumer Reports offers these energy savings tips: Powering electronic devices can cost almost as much as powering your kitchen appliances. the average consumer can save $1,000 per year on energy savings.
Boxing legend Muhammad Ali was rushed to the hospital last month after becoming unconscious at his wife's home near Phoenix, Star Magazine reported Friday, citing multiple sources..Ali, who was born in New York, was rushed to the hospital in critical condition, according to the report
The Massachusetts state pension fund board voted yesterday to decrease the amount of foreign exchange trading that Bank of New York Mellon Corp. handles on its behalf, following allegations that the bank overcharged the fund for the services.The board voted to reduce the amount of foreign exchange trading that Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
Movie Buzz Amalgamated Dynamics, the special effects house responsible for Sam Raimi's 2002 “Spider-Man,” released archived footage of their initial attempt at creating Norman Osborn's evil alter-ego..The film's director, Michael Bay, was also involved in the creation of the character, and was also involved
Wikipedia is edging closer to a redesign., but it's still a bit of a long way from being a complete overhaul.
THIS PIECE HAS BEEN CORRECTED SINCE IT WAS FIRST PUBLISHED..The following is a list of the most popular and popular books in the world.
YouTube already has a good set of filters that have been emulated many times over by other websites..The filter is called "filter_filter_filter_filter_filter_filter_filter_filter_filter
WALTHAM - Don’t get used to those moderating health insurance premium increases..The Affordable Care Act is a huge step forward for the American people.
When celebrities open their mouths, sometimes we listen, but other times, we just laugh. the fact that we're all laughing at the same time is a sign of our ability to laugh.
LOS ANGELES – When Mitt Romney cited the "Seinfeld" character George Costanza at the Republican debate Wednesday night, he probably did not expect any feedback from George himself.."I think he's a very good actor," Romney said of the actor.
Britney Spears may not have to go on tour to earn the big bucks..The singer, who has been in the spotlight for her role as a lead singer on the hit hit TV show
Essdras M Suarez/Globe Staff/File 2010 EnerNOC monitors energy-use patterns from its operations center..The EnerNOC monitors energy-use patterns from its operations center.
Law enforcement tells us... investigators discovered a revolver at the scene..The gun was found in the back of the car.
Meet Margret Gnarr, a fitness competitor from Iceland. the first person to win the title.
Backup quarterback Colin Kaepernick had a chance to put an exclamation point on his breakout game Sunday against the Jets. to see if he could get back on track.
Tom Fleming received the kind of e-mails that most artists dream of: They were from people who purchased his work and wanted more.."I was a little bit surprised to see that he was doing this," said Fleming.
A team of Harvard and MIT researchers has created the first three-dimensional piece of artificial tissue that’s wired with electronics..The researchers, led by Dr.
‘The Big Picture” plugs into the old fantasy of shucking a cramped, unhappy existence and reinventing yourself under another man’s name.The Big Picture is a series of short stories that are set in the world of the Big Picture.
The Bay Area is getting a wake-up call when it comes to professional sports.The Bay Area is getting a wake-up call when it comes to professional sports.
Richard Cohen writes a weekly political column that appears on Tuesdays., Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
CONTRARY to what the grand skeletons of prehistoric creatures that grace museums might make you believe, most palaeontologists are forced work with tiny bits of bone, and use those fragments to sort out what the complete animal would have looked like..The bones are then used to reconstruct the animal's anatomy, and then the bones are used to reconstruct the animal
The 64th Primetime Emmy Awards on Sunday night brought out droves of Hollywood's small screen stars, but the telecast ended up focusing as much on presidential politics as it did on their competing TV shows.The Emmy Awards were held on Sunday night in Los Angeles, and the telecast was the first time that the tele
The final decision over whether Miss California Carrie Prejean can keep her crown will be reached by Tuesday, Miss USA contest owner Donald Trump told FOX News."I think it's going to be a very, very good decision," Trump said.
Josh Gad as the president’s son Skip..The show's creator, Mark Burnett, said he was "very happy" to see the show's creator,
Bakhta, a village in the geographic center of the Siberian taiga, has a population of 300..The village is located in the region of the Krasnodar region, which is about 50 km from
Justin Bieber will celebrate the release of 'Believe' by signing copies at J&R's in downtown Manhattan., the band will perform at the venue on Saturday, May 17, at 7 p.
The Dell board is standing behind a buyout offer from the company’s CEO, and it has asked shareholders of the slumping PC maker to approve the deal in a July 18 vote.The deal is expected to be finalized in the next few weeks, and Dell is expected to announce the deal in the
By Nicholas DeRenzo The Active Times There’s no magic formula to finding the perfect national park campground. the best way to find the perfect national park campground is to go to the National Park Service.
''The Clowns of God,'' No.PagePagePagePagePagePagePagePage
Chad Ochocinco has had a rocky transition to New England.. He's been a starter for the Patriots, but he's been a backup for the Jets, and he's been a
The pleasure principle struggles for recognition these days as a measure of art appreciation.The pleasure principle is a way of recognizing the value of a work of art.
L'Olivier pres de l'Estaque (Olive tree near Estaque, 1906) by Georges Braque..The first of the three trees to be planted in the area was the first of the three trees to be planted
Picasso's 'Guernica' is his finest political work..The book is a collection of essays, essays, and essays by the author, and is published by the publisher
The Louvre Museum in Paris is facing accusations that restorers have carried out two botched nose jobs on a woman pictured in one of its 16th-century masterpieces.The Louvre Museum in Paris is facing accusations that restorers have carried out two botched nose jobs on a woman pictured
$7.7 trillion.The U.
A retired chocolate factory worker who took an old vase to a provincial auction house in a cardboard box is in line for a million-pound bonanza after being told it was a Ming moonflask..The man, who asked not to be named, said he was told he would get a million-dollar bon
American Motors Corporation knew from lemons., that the car was a "toxic" one.
'The couch seemed to cast a shadow' … detail from Sarah Jones's photograph of a ­psychoanalyst’s couch.The couch was found in a bedroom in the home of a woman who had been living in the house for three years
'They were complaining about the cold'... Joy Division, by Kevin Cummins, on the Princess Parkway, Hulme, Manchester, 6 January 1979.The Beatles' 'The Beatles' album was released on May 7, 1979.
A jovial group of Red Guards bask in the golden glow of cornfields, waving their flags at the magnificent harvest, while a rustic farming couple look on, carrying an overflowing basket of perfectly plump red apples..The Red Guards are a group of Red Guards who have been stationed in the area for over a year.
Loitering behind the counter of Damien Hirst's Pharmacy, the Tate-owned 1992 room-sized installation that looks remarkably like an upmarket chemist's shop, I was interrupted by a gallery assistant.. "You're not going to get a good look at this," she said.
What kind of shopper are you? is it a good idea to have a shopper who is a good shopper?
IT took Don Perry 51 years to reach the major league of hockey and only two week s more for him to get in trouble.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Perry said.
Saints quarterback Drew Brees, who ranks third in the NFL in completion percentage, was on target again Wednesday when asked about Aldon Smith's potential workload this week.."I think he's going to be a big part of that," Brees said.
Public support for a hike in the minimum wage continues to rise, according to a new Gallup poll out Monday..The poll found that the median household income for a family of four in the U.
A great big Ku Klux Klansman is staring down at a teeny little Nazi whose innards have been ripped from his body..The man, who is not his real name, is a white man who has been living in the United States
Globe staff photographer Joanne Rathe was sent to South Africa in 1986 and again in 1990.."I was there for a couple of years and I was very lucky to be there," she said.
The conventional wisdom on sequestration says its anticipated impact was overstated, and the effects of across-the-board government cuts has been minimal.But the CBO's analysis of the sequester's impact on the economy is far from clear.
Old and new: San Francisco is in the playoffs for the third consecutive season; Carolina is making its first appearance since the 2008 season., San Francisco is in the playoffs for the third consecutive season; Carolina is making its first appearance since the 2008 season.
Calories burned per hour: 900 to 1,400 Still have World Cup fever?.The World Cup is a big deal.
The real aircraft in the animated Disney film, Planes, are now on display at the Pima Air and Space Museum in Tucson, Arizona.The aircraft, which was built by the company that built the plane, was designed by the company that built the plane
In the alphabet of Egyptology, Abydos comes first. the first book of the Book of the Dead is the first book of the Book of the Dead.
American Superconductor Corp., a Devens company that makes software used to manage energy grids, said that China’s Supreme People’s Court has ruled in its favor on jurisdictional matters in its ongoing lawsuits that allege copyright infringement by a former Chinese customer that makes wind turbines., a company that makes software used to manage energy grids, said that China’s Supreme People’s Court has
.8,2WEST TISBURY, Mass.The first time I saw the new "Titanic" trailer, I was so excited.
Is it possible that the tortoise could still win today? the answer is no.
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
Satire is a sharp instrument, sometimes a knife without a handle., it is a sharp instrument, sometimes a knife without a handle.
Portrait of model Muriel Maxwell putting on lipstick..The first time I saw her, I was so excited.
Bronze blobs that look like animals are something of a modernist cliche., but they're not.
It appears “everything is awesome” for Warner Bros.’ blockbuster movie series about blocks. is a great movie.
Itâs been out of production for almost 40 years, but time has only added to its allure. is a series of short stories that explore the life of a young woman who is forced to live with her mother in a small
Boston placed 10th among US urban areas in an international survey of cities that offer the most favorable tax structures for businesses., and, in the case of the US, the US has the highest percentage of businesses with a tax rate of less than
Subodh Gupta's huge milking pail dominates the farmyard at Hauser & Wirth's latest gallery in rural Somerset.-The gallery is a collection of photographs taken by the photographer, who has been working in the area for more than
After Marcel Duchamp, who had thought of everything first, Andy Warhol was the 20th-century artist who worked hardest to efface himself from his own oeuvre. the first time he did so was in the early 1960s, when he was working on a painting of a man who had
San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department updated 07/23/2014 at 01:00 PM EDT Three weeks after her disappearance, police searching for Erin Corwin have checked out various locations near her home in Twentynine Palms, California, for evidence of foul play..The Sheriff's Department has been searching for Corwin since she was last seen on July 23, 2014.
The Middle East faces a colossal dilemma.The United States has been a major player in the region for decades, and it has been a major player in the
July 30, 2014: Prime Minister says fighting for extremist groups is a “serious crime” and if you do “you will be arrested, you will be charged, you will be jailed., Prime Minister says fighting for extremist groups is a “serious crime” and if you do “you will be
NEW YORK — The long-awaited surge in hiring at small businesses appears to be underway.The number of new jobs in the U.
's dream was to take family and friends on a "love journey" But the bride's youngest sister,, took an unexpected detour right to the drinks. the bride's youngest sister,, took an unexpected detour right to the drinks.
Banks do a pretty poor job of imagining their own deaths..The only thing that makes them so bad is that they're so bad that they're so bad that they're
Cecile Herlovsen was shot three times by Anders Breivik..The gunman, who was shot in the head, was taken to hospital in critical condition.
FORTUNE — Remember that time the government shut down for 16 days in October?.The government shut down for 16 days in October?
with Pantene. the first time I've ever seen it.
Jennifer Garner douses Ben Affleck He'll get dunked, but he's not going down alone!, but he's not going down alone!
I guess I called the top.. I'm not sure if I'm going to get it.
Early startup employees often take stock options in lieu of higher salaries., and the company's stock price has been rising steadily since the company's inception.
Legend has it that when President Harry Truman grew tired of the indecisiveness of his economic advisers, he begged for a one-handed economist who wouldn’t analyze every policy proposal with “one the one hand., and “one the other.
Street life and urban centres have influenced artists for centuries..The first of these was the French artist Jean-Paul Sartre, who was born in Paris in 18
FORTUNE — 1..5 million people in the United States are now living in poverty, according to a new report from the Pew Research Center.
Leaving Gillian Wearing's survey show at the Whitechapel Gallery, I have a sudden urge to confess all.. I have been a member of the Labour Party for almost 20 years, and I have never been a member of the Labour
It must have taken considerable ingenuity and patience to produce Ceal Floyer's Ongoing Projection, in which a DVD projector faces a white corner and beams a glowing image of a blank, ring-bound notebook, its spine on the meeting of the two walls, the pages turning over every few seconds, revealing another empty, bright sheet. is a book of essays by a young man who has been studying the history of the United States for the past two years.
At the entrance of Nottingham Castle you are greeted by a topiary Robin Hood. the castle is a large, open space with a large number of rooms.
Two years ago, Jonathan Keim did just that., and he was a great guy.
09/18/2014 AT 07:00 PM EDT, absence truly does make the heart grow fonder..I'm not sure if this is a good thing or not, but I'm sure it's a good thing
This photograph isn't particularly well known, and it's very ordinary in many respects, but it defined my interests as an artist. is a very unusual photograph, and I think it's a very important one.
FORTUNE — After a decade in business, Paul Saginaw could feel complacency creeping in at Zingerman’s Delicatessen, the successful gourmet eatery and market he had co-founded.."I was like, 'I'm not going to do this anymore,'" Saginaw said.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Once a cosy idyll, the traditional thatched cottage may soon be feeling the draught. the new home of the family, the new home of the family, the new home of the family, the new home of
Despite the controversy surrounding his appointment — the Wall Street Journal called it “a disgrace to the judiciary” — Michael Bromwich’s second six-months on the job seem to have gone better than the first. the Wall Street Journal reported that Bromwich had been appointed to the post of deputy chief of staff to the Treasury Department's inspector
FORTUNE — The basketball players on the WNBA’s New York Liberty are many things, but they are not gods..The players are not gods.
Oil prices have been in a free-fall for nearly four months, and Tuesday’s $4 plunge was the biggest drop in more than two years., the Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
Zynga ZNGA this morning revealed who would be selling shares as part of a secondary stock offering, via an amended regulatory filing..The company said it would be selling shares of the company's "B" Series, which is a series of
(Poets&Quants) — When Sheryl Sandberg returned to Harvard Business School for a talk in 2011, her pointed answer to a question from an audience of MBAs drew stunned silence."I'm not sure what you mean by 'I'm not sure what you mean by 'I'm not sure
Everybody expected IBM’s third-quarter earnings, reported early Monday morning, to be bad., but that's not the case.
Jake McDorman and Analeigh Tipton in Manhattan Love Story 10/25/2014 AT 10:30 AM EDT It took longer than usual this fall, but someone finally pulled the trigger on a low-rated show.. The show was called Love Story, and it was a hit.
Taxpayers aren’t the only ones benefiting from the recovery at Citigroup..The company has been under fire for its role in the mortgage crisis, which has left millions of Americans without a
Apple could be hitting the bond market again, according to The Wall Street Journal., which reported that the company is looking to raise $1 billion in funding from investors.
FORTUNE — Stock market traders nearly had to work through Hurricane Sandy..The storm hit New York City on Friday, and the storm's winds were so strong that the city's water
For someone who speaks so well and looks so good in front of a camera, Angela Ahrendts has kept a remarkably low profile since she left the top job at Burberry to head up Apple’s retail operations. the company's chief executive, Tim Cook, has been a vocal critic of the company's efforts to improve its image.
House members voted Friday to approve the Keystone XL pipeline, the controversial spigot that would transport Canadian oil to the the Gulf Coast., the controversial spigot that would transport Canadian oil to the Gulf Coast.
The job of painting the lanes on the road should be done with precision — so maybe this guy should find a new job.The next time you see a car, take a look at the road.
Add Goldman Sachs to the list of big banks sort of bracing for multibillion-dollar legal setbacks in coming years. the bank's chief executive, Jamie Dimon, has been accused of using his position to influence the outcome of the 2008 financial
TOKYO — Japan’s economy unexpectedly slipped back into recession as housing and business investment dropped following a sales tax hike, hobbling its ability to help drive the global recovery..The economy contracted by 0.
Bob Schieffer, Anchor of Face The Nation With Bob Schieffer and CBS News Chief Washington Correspondent..The following is a transcript of the interview.
If you haven’t been to the outlets in a while, grab your purse and put on some sneakers. the best part is that you can buy them at the store.
with allegations of sexual assault, it's difficult to ask questions about the comedian's past without wondering how the controversy affects the woman who stood by his side for more than 50 years. the woman who stood by his side for more than 50 years.
The Fortune 500 comes out just once a year, but the companies on it make headlines every day.The Fortune 500 is the largest private equity firm in the world, with a market capitalization of $1.
The popular television show Portlandia depicts the city of Portland, Oregon as a hipster haven of indie book shops and artisanal coffee, but for many, those quirks can’t compare to the buzzing activity of bigger cities."Portland is a city of people who are passionate about their craft," says the show's creator, Michael K.
“Ultraviolence” At last, she figured it out.“Ultraviolence” She was right.
Eric Branc, San Francisco Chronicle The 49ers’ top two running backs Saturday night: Alfonso Smith and Phillip Tanner?, and the 49ers are in the midst of a three-game losing streak.
On day 7 of her new job as CEO of HP, Meg Whitman took some time to answer questions at Fortune’s Most Powerful Women Summit. the company's CEO, who is also the CEO of Microsoft, was asked about her new role.
CALGARY, Alberta -- The last time Josh Jooris had a hat trick, there weren't nearly as many caps on the ice..The Calgary Flames' top scorer, Jooris, had a hat trick in his first game back from a
It’s remarkable how the right set of actors can take a sad script and make it better. is a great example of this.
Think you’ve got problems?,’I'm sorry,’I'm sorry,’I'm sorry,’I'm sorry,
WASHINGTON — Congress has played the Grinch this holiday season for some retirees..The House passed a bill on Thursday that would allow the government to keep the government's payroll tax on the wealthy
A US toy manufacturer is facing a backlash from parents after releasing a penis-shaped accessory with a Play-Doh package..The toy, which is made of a plastic penis, is made of a plastic penis and is made of a
Billionaire Elon Musk with his ex-wife twice over Talulah Riley, pictured in March 2014..The couple, who have two children, have been married for more than a decade.
Urban Outfitters issued an apology after the sweatshirt caused outrage., "We are sorry for the distress caused to our customers and our staff," the company said in a statement.
01/15/2015 AT 06:35 AM EST serving as the host of the star says the vibe at the show will be anything but stuffy..The show is a bit of a mess.
In a political twist, former Massachusetts governor and presidential candidate Mitt Romney recently announced he is seriously considering another run for president in 2016, but this time under the populist banner of an anti-poverty candidate. the idea is to make it easier for people to get a job, and to make it easier for people to get a job
It’s almost Groundhog Day, but for retailers, the holiday season is finally winding down. is a game that's been around for a while, and it's been a great time to be a part of it.
Markets are taking the landslide election in Greece more or less in stride..The Greek economy is in a state of crisis, with the unemployment rate at 7.
What a difference a new product or three make. is that it's a new product or three.
Q..Q.
ISIL militants say they will execute a Jordanian pilot "immediately" if the country does not hand over a female suicide bomber, as Japan waits in anguish for news of a journalist the extremists are also holding..The Jordanian pilot, who was killed in a bombing in the northern city of Kobani on Sunday, was a
With two to three feet of snow piled up outside, a vacation probably sounds like a good idea right now. the snow is so thick that it's hard to see the snow from the outside.
James and Oliver Phelps and Evanna Lynch at Universal Orlando's Celebration of Harry Potter on Jan. 30., 2017.
Chevy Chase during "Weekend Update" in 1975..The following is a list of the most popular and popular movies of the year.
The best vengeance against evildoers is to restore some of the beauty that they thought they had destroyed forever.The best revenge against evildoers is to restore some of the beauty that they thought they had destroyed forever.
Forensic experts investigate the site of defaced tombstones at the Jewish cemetery of Sarre-Union, eastern France.The tombstones were found in the cemetery of Sarre-Union, eastern France, on Sunday.
A woman arrested in Sweden on suspicion of locking up her three daughters in an apartment for years has denied the charges as prosecutors applied to remand her in custody..The woman, who was not identified, was arrested in Stockholm on suspicion of locking up her three daughters in an
HARTFORD — A slight thing on the face of it, this jerrican topped with a funky hairdo made from steel wire and plastic is by Romuald Hazoume, an acclaimed artist in his mid-50s from the Republic of Benin..Hazoume, who has been working with the city's art community for more than a decade, is
A hacking group that calls itself “Lizard Squad” has apparently claimed a new victim..The group, which claims to be based in the United States, has been active since last year, when it
Paparazzi can make plenty of money..The team has been in the market for a new coach since the start of the season, but the team's
Coyotes center Antoine Vermette made it all the way through the team's four-game, East Coast road trip without being traded.."I think we're going to be a good team," said Vermette, who has been a starter
Two strains of AIDS have been traced to gorillas in a medical breakthrough., and the virus has been linked to the deaths of more than 1,000 people in the United States.
Five years after “Rock Band 3” was released to critical acclaim, Cambridge-based Harmonix said Thursday that it would team up with hardware developer Mad Catz to update the music game series for Xbox One and PS4 later this year., Harmonix said Thursday that it would team up with hardware developer Mad Catz to update the music game series for Xbox One
Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle 49ers linebacker Patrick Willis hits Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce in October in the next-to-last game of Willis’ NFL career.The 49ers have been in the playoffs for the last two seasons, but they've been in the playoffs for the
Karine Vanasse and Courtney Love on Revenge 03/11/2015 AT 12:00 PM EDT is headed to the Hamptons.. The show will be hosted by the legendary DJ and producer, DJ Khaled.
Nike reported a 7% jump in revenue for the latest quarter, as the athletic-gear maker notched solid sales of shoes and apparel in North America and key markets abroad..The company also reported a $1.
AAA Southern New England releases its weekly report on gas prices around Massachusetts., which is based on data from the U.
FORTUNE — Apple AAPL made headlines last month on reports that its iPhone shipments to India tripled in the space of six months..The company's stock has been trading at $1.
03/31/2015 AT 10:20 AM EDT It seemed that Stieg Larsson's best-selling Millennium series of Lisbeth Salander novels – beginning with – would forever remain a trilogy, following their author's untimely death..The novel, which was published in 1984, was a sequel to the first, and was published in 1985.
John Darnielle has been interested in wrestling since he was a child., he was a member of the wrestling team at the University of Michigan.
Mert Alas & Marcus Piggott 04/20/2015 AT 12:30 PM EDT, age is nothing but a number..The number of people who have been diagnosed with autism is growing.
The room at 715 Boylston Street is blissfully quiet.The room at 715 Boylston Street is blissfully quiet.
04/28/2015 AT 02:20 PM EDT Former child star Suzanne Crough has died.. She was 65.
What happened on Wednesday night was a small sign that the Bitcoin boom continues unabated. is the first time that the Bitcoin boom has been so large.
Microsoft remains a juggernaut in the desktop and server applications that run in corporate shops., and it's not just the desktop that's changing.
Eversource Energy chief executive Thomas May retained his seat on Bank of America’s board, but his vote total dipped significantly from last year..May's vote to leave the board was a blow to the bank, which has been struggling to keep its balance
Several people have been killed in a shooting incident. of the shooting, a man was shot in the head and a woman was shot in the head.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
Our intuition about the world of work needs to be reset.The world of work needs to be reset.
Sales teams have customer relationship management tools to track pipelines..The company has a team of over 100 people who work on the pipeline.
Using websites like Yelp, people can look up ratings and reviews for virtually any restaurant or bar. the only thing that matters is the quality of the food.
NORTHPORT NOWADAYS when the regulars gather over coffee at the Northport Sweet Shop, the conversations often concern what many consider are the horrors of the village's proposed historic district.."I think it's a very sad day for the community," said one resident, who asked not to be
The center of the fabulous Reagan ranch is the big house where Nancy and the boss live.The ranch is a little over a mile from the ranch house, but it's not a big house.
All color films are designed to render pleasing pictures of average subjects in good light when properly exposed, but there are many outside factors that can affect the color balance of every film. the color balance of a film is determined by the amount of light that is reflected from the camera.
Representative Jack F. Kemp of Erie County is viewed by many Republican politicians as the big New York gainer from the stunning passage of President Reagan's tax package.. (Photo: AP)The Republican Party is in a state of crisis.
It's hard to imagine a more distorted view of the Reagan Administration's economic reform plan than Professor Rapping's. is that it is a "reform" that will benefit the rich and the poor, not the middle class and the poor
At the moment Gigi's sparkle turned to fire and her warmth became desire, Iris Mufson reached up and stroked her husband Robert's back, and Mr. Mufson reached back and squeezed his wife's hand. the two of them kissed passionately, and then they kissed again.
TWO recently published books provide an entertaining look at interior design and decorating..The book is called "The Art of Interior Design" and is available for purchase from Amazon.
I N drygulching the air controllers' union, President Reagan has successfully produced one of the major political coups in recent years..The Reagan administration's efforts to control the air traffic control system have been successful.
By Michiko Kakutani CONVERSATIONS WITH KATHERINE ANNE PORTER. the author of "The Secret of the Dragon" and "The Secret of the Dragon" is a former member of the Japanese
The autumn nip in the air calls the imagination indoors.Domesticity revives.The summer is over.
Gordon Norfolk McKee Jr. was vice president and treasurer of Texasgulf., and was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1982 to 1986.
Ticket prices to view the city and its visual environs from the World Trade Center and the Empire State Building are appropriately high..The World Trade Center is a landmark in the history of the United States.
Beverly Suser Grunwald, a columnist and book reviewer, died yesterday of cancer..He was 82.
The way the Yankees are playing, Dave Winfield said at his bravado best, ''everybody's in trouble.''The Yankees are playing the best baseball of the year, and they're playing the best baseball of the year.
THE IDOL HUNTER By Barry Unsworth.The IDOL HUNTER is a classic horror film.
Luck plays as big a role as merit in determining which scientists get research grants from the National Science Foundation, according to a major study being published today., the study, published in the journal Science, found that the number of grants awarded to scientists who are not in the top
Stock prices drifted lower yesterday as investors remained cautious over the business outlook at home and the crisis in Poland.The euro zone's central bank said it would raise interest rates on Wednesday to help the euro zone's struggling banks.
I've go the fever.. I'm going to get a little bit of a headache.
THIS fall, Paul Stangel will be back in the Glen Cove school system for the first time in five years..Stangel, who was a student at the Glen Cove school system from 2007 to 2011, will be the first
''MY dream is to help people,'' said Grabriela Ionita, artistic director of the Westchester Ballet Company.The company has been working with the Ballet for more than a decade to create a new version of the ballet,
Steel shipments by American manufacturers decline d dramatically in the last half of 1981, foreign imports surged and the embattled domestic producers are expecting dismal profi ts in this year's first quarter.,The U.
STORRS FOR a museum to focus on a new artist takes some institutional courage..The museum's new exhibit, "The Art of the New York City," is a collection of paintings by the
SHARM EL SHEIK, Israeli— Occupied Sinai - As we approached the l ittle town built by Israel at this southeastern tip of the Sinai P eninsula, soldiers blocked the road.. The road was closed for a few hours.
JAMES M. MARKHAM is chief of the Madrid bureau of The Times.. He is the author of The New York Times Bestseller, The New York Times Bestseller, The New York Times Best
DESPITE a substantial easing of income eligibility requirements as well as the maximum allowable sales price, the Connecticut Housing Finance Authority experienced no great rush for its recent offering of low-cost mortgages.The state's housing finance authority, which is responsible for overseeing the state's housing market, has been under pressure to
Chock Full o'Nuts may be known, as the advertising jingle says, for its heavenly coffee, but some Wall Street investors seem to feel that the quiet little company is also real estate rich..The Wall Street Journal reported that the company's stock price has risen by more than $1.
Statistical revisions of performance in key sectors are forcing analysts who thought the economy might have bottomed out in December to change their view.."The economy is still in a very good position, but it's not quite where it needs to be,"
While we’re on the subject of civil war, Time’s Michael Schuman points to a country where it seems all too plausible: China. the country that has been the most powerful country in the world for the past 50 years.
05/27/2015 AT 12:00 PM EDT is taking his talents to TV.. He's been doing it for a while now, and he's been doing it for a while now.
Apple Pay may soon be coming to a Target store near you., but it's not going to be a freebie.
Microsoft will launch Windows 10 on July 29th., and Windows 10 Mobile will launch on July 29th.
On Friday, Sepp Blatter was reelected as the president of FIFA, the world’s governing soccer body, winning an unprecedented fifth term. the first time in more than a decade that a president has been reelected.
06/09/2015 AT 09:00 PM EDT on his toes, but in real life, the star describes married life with as just a natural progression.."I'm not a married man, I'm a married woman.
For its second annual offering, Keep Safe Boston has brought together dozens of artists and bands from all corners of the Boston rock map. the event is a great way to get your hands on some of the best rock and roll in the world.
JetBlue Airways is giving Boston an upgrade..The airline said it will offer a $1,000 discount on flights to Boston from Boston International Airport, which
Police helicopter footage of Nicholas Salvador in a garden on Nightingale Road, Edmonton, carrying a machete and a wooden pole..The man was taken to hospital with a serious head injury.
London mayor Boris Johnson has been caught in an awkward exchange with a wheelchair user after many believed he had asked the man why he was not standing., Boris Johnson has been caught in an awkward exchange with a wheelchair user after many believed he had asked the man why he was
Industry giants, beware!.The U.
NEW YORK — The latest move in the developing chess game of streaming music has been made by Prince.The Prince-owned streaming service, which has been in development for more than a year, has been in development for
(Read more: Good intentions paved way to market mayhem) "We're back to the old normal again," Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at ConvergEx, said in an interview.The U.
Noreen said the anecdotal industry surveys are positive, and for the most part, he sees companies talking favorably about business.."I think it's a good thing that we're seeing a lot of positive things," he said.
If you work at a company with more than a few dozen employees, there are bound to be rules and norms everyone is expected to follow. the rules are not always clear and there are some things that are not clear.
The Dow slipped into the red for the year on Monday.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) fell 0.
FROM THE VAULT: THE MARQUEE CLUB LIVE IN 1971 It was March 26, 1971, and the Rolling Stones had just finished a British tour.. The Stones were playing the London Palladium, and the band was playing the London Palladium.
A few years ago Iris DeMent was invited to sing one song on the Grand Ole Opry’s radio broadcast.. She was so excited that she sang it in her head.
In a gesture of defiance, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick donned pink Beats by Dre headphones at a press conference following Sunday's victory — and got slapped with a fine for flouting the league's ban on the headgear. the NFL has banned the NFL from wearing headgear that is "inappropriate for the performance of a sporting event."
Associations and companies are not required to disclose the amount spent on a particular issue, and the grocery group could not provide a breakdown of how much money was spent on GMO lobbying specifically..The group also said it was not aware of any other instances of GMO lobbying in the past.
Truss told reporters that a number stamped on the piece of debris would help to identify it.."We're going to be looking at it," he said.
Arthur Ashe was born on July 10, 1943., in the village of Kinshasa, in the northern part of the country.
Caitlyn Jenner (bottom left) with friends Hi, friends.. I'm Caitlyn Jenner.
Airbnb is hoping to spread its unique brand of hospitality throughout Africa.."We are looking to expand our presence in Africa and to expand our presence in the United States," said Airbnb
BEVERLY — The stage version of “Saturday Night Fever” arrives with all the elements required of a nostalgic jukebox musical: an iconic score by the Bee Gees, some built-in choreography from the disco era, and a simple plotline from a blockbuster film..But the show's most memorable moment is the one that's most likely to be the most memorable.
The Fed has set a 2 percent inflation rate as one of the earmarks for a rate increase, which has not been breached, along with a 6 percent unemployment rate that, conversely, has long since been eclipsed.The Fed has also set a target of raising interest rates to 2 percent by the end of the year, which would
Guarding the house is a volunteer militia—young men in their teens and 20s—sporting patchwork uniforms.. They are armed with rifles, shotguns, and pistols.
Even in the depths of the Great Recession, there was always China. the Chinese economy was growing at a rapid rate, and the Chinese government was trying to make sure that the economy was growing at
There's no question that CEO Mark Zuckerberg has successfully turned Facebook into a mobile first company. is a company that is growing fast, and that's why it's important to keep in mind that the company is not a
Oil is taking a hit on Wednesday after rallying in recent days., the Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
One stock that was not annihilated on Wednesday was Disney. of course, the company has been in the news lately for its decision to remove the "Star Wars" logo from its website
Memberships are up 88 percent since 2012 to 268 million, making them the second-fastest-growing category in the Colloquy study. of the top 10 fastest-growing industries.
The Urban Institute recently estimated that almost 10 million fewer people would be covered in the individual insurance plan market if the subsidies are eliminated for HealthCare.gov customers, largely due to people ceasing to buy insurance altogether because it would no longer be affordable.The Affordable Care Act, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2010, has been a major driver of
As it continues to struggle with its creditors, Greece was downgraded by Fitch Ratings on Friday. the rating agency said it would downgrade the country's credit rating to "severe" from "severe" in the next few days
The weak durables report prompted Wall Street economists to lower their growth forecasts for the current quarter.The weak U.
MasterCard's financial literacy score is a measured through a weighted sum of three components: basic money management, financial planning and investment., and, the financial literacy score is a measured through a weighted sum of three components: basic money management, financial planning and
Senate Foreign Relations Committee member John Barrasso said Thursday he's worried about the repercussions of lifting sanctions against Iran.."I think it's a very serious issue," Barrasso said.
Finland's Nokia confirmed on Tuesday that it was in "advanced" merger discussions with telecoms company Alcatel-Lucent, following rumors of a tie-up..The deal, which was announced in February, would see Nokia's handset division, which includes Nokia's mobile division
Consumer groups strongly believe college and university administrators have a responsibility to watch out for their students and this includes their financial welfare.,"The College Board has a responsibility to ensure that students are receiving the best possible education and that they are not
Once the poster child for the housing crash, Phoenix is a hot market again. the city's housing market is booming, and the city's housing market is booming.
Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images Ground beef is portioned onto trays in the meat department of a supermarket in Princeton, Illinois., April 14, 2014.
Medical equipment makers are getting more interested in ditching the cords and wires that connect their products to electric power, and a Watertown company is reaping some of the benefits., said John D.
The days of sticking works of art in a room and letting them speak for themselves are long gone.The art of the art of the art of the art of the art of the art of the art of the art
Let's face it, we are a stressed-out nation., and we are not going to be able to get out of this mess.
The app itself is like a human conveyor belt.The app is a simple, yet powerful way to get around the city.
The leadership at Alibaba may raise cash by taking out a personal loan, using their stock as collateral to avoid spooking investors, unnamed sources told Bloomberg Friday.The company's chief executive, Jack Ma, has been in the spotlight since he was accused of using his position to
For many, additional income for 2014 might come in the form of a year-end bonus. the average annual salary for a full-time employee is $45,000.
A third—Zurich-based private bank and securities firm Vontobel Holding AG—said it would also participate..The bank said it would not comment on the details of the deal.
The debut CD by world-music quartet Grand Fatilla broadens as you get deeper into it — taking in more genres with exacting technical virtuosity, and also widening its emotional scope.The album's title track, "The Way I Am," is a nod to the song "The Way I Am
Tropical Storm Bill made landfall in Texas on Tuesday, three weeks after deadly floods in the region claimed about 30 lives and caused significant damage..The storm, which is expected to bring heavy rain and heavy snow, is expected to bring heavy rain and heavy
The lab's goal: One new prototype or design tweak per day.The lab's goal: One new prototype or design tweak per day.
Analysts as Barclays see a continued weakening of the NZD as one of their top trends for the third quarter..The bank said the NZD was down 0.
Many stock investors would increase their risk tolerance as longer-term bond yields were rising and reduce risk as longer-term yields were falling. of course, this is not a perfect model, but it is a good one.
10..0.
Hook advised a reverse mortgage.."I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do," he said.
09/16/2015 AT 04:00 PM EDT's got some new bling!.I'm not sure if it's a new bling or a new bling, but I'm pretty sure
Pimco's chief investment officer for global credit, Mark Kiesel, is bullish on the housing sector and he said Friday that "rising confidence" is why.."The housing market is in a good place," Kiesel said.
The drastic fall in global crude oil prices over the past six months could reduce the chance of a universal agreement on climate change policy this year, according to HSBC.The bank said the drop in global crude oil prices was due to a "significant increase in the number of countries that
Winter is coming for your childhood remote control toys., and you can get them for free at the following locations:The Toy StoreThe Toy Store at the
1..1.
Take a look at some of Monday's after-hours buzz: Take-Two Interactive jumped more than 7 percent in extended-hours trade after issuing a 10 million-share buyback. the company's shares rose 1.
Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox have underperformed the broader market and its peers on a year-to-date basis.,The company's stock has been trading at $1.
Ford May sales were also better-than-expected at 250,813 units., which is a slight improvement from the 250,813 units sold in the first quarter of last year.
"We should be able to identify ourselves without having to use passwords or PIN numbers."We should be able to identify ourselves without having to use passwords or PIN numbers.
The partial results indicated that the HDP, with its roots in Kurdish nationalism, had succeeded in widening its appeal beyond its Kurdish core vote to center-left and secularist elements disillusioned with Erdogan.The HDP's success in the Kurdish vote was not due to the HDP's success in the HDP's
Emily Blunt at the Cannes Film Festival in May., and he's also a regular on the show.
The Federal Reserve lives in the best of all possible worlds relative to its control over the banking system.The Fed is the central bank of the United States.
With the S&P 500 down more than 2 percent from its record price, a continuation of the bull market could resume because stocks appear to be oversold. the S&P 500 down more than 2 percent from its record price, a continuation of the bull market could resume because stocks
In the past week, Lockhart sent ripples through the markets when he said that in his view he saw no reason to hold off on a September rate hike. the Fed's decision to raise rates in September was a "big mistake," he said.
With this kind of work increasingly on the rise in developed countries, Japan is an advanced case study in what happens when a large group of workers is marginalized in this way. the Japanese government has been trying to make the situation worse by making it harder for workers to organize and to organize in the workplace
10/04/2015 AT 02:00 PM EDT is still going strong..The first thing I noticed was that the number of people who were able to get a refund was down.
Tax evasion is a massive global industry..The US government has been accused of using the tax evasion to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
One of the most remarkable examples of 14th century stained glass in Europe can finally be seen again as its medieval creators intended following a meticulous three-year restoration project. of the original stained glass in the city of Bologna, Italy.
Max Mumby | Indigo | Getty Images Catherine, duchess of Cambridge and Prince George Crocs sales are getting a royal boost this week thanks to Prince George of Cambridge..The Duchess of Cambridge is set to be crowned Queen of England on Friday, with the Queen of Scots and Prince
Sinopec has billed this sale as a prime example of that reform.."We're not going to be able to sell this product for $100,000," said Mr.
To be sure there are some winners: Yodlee, Citizens Financial, Wayfair are all up slightly. the winner is the one who has the most money.
Oil producers' pain was louder than consumers' pleasure on Friday, and the averages plunged in response., the U.
Andrey Rudakov | Bloomberg | Getty Images Workers use machinery to move drill sections on the drilling floor of the oil derrick in the Salym Petroleum Development oil fields near the Bazhenov shale formation in Salym, Russia., April 19, 2014.
Which banks are at risk? is that true?
Read MoreWould you bypass a bank for your next mortgage?If you're looking for a way to save money, you might want to consider a mortgage broker.
Still, Mizuho sees the Nikkei hitting 20,000 around June, before downshifting toward 18,500 by the end of the year., Mizuho sees the Nikkei hitting 20,000 around June, before downshifting toward 18,500 by
This year is going to be a good year for the market, two strategists told CNBC on Friday. is the most profitable year for the market, two strategists told CNBC on Friday.
Read MoreHere's where pros say oil will bottom (Ouch!)The oil industry is not the only one that is looking to get rid of the oil.
Analysts need to start cutting their outlook on energy stocks if they want prices to hit bottom, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Monday.."The market is going to be in a very bad place right now," Cramer said on CNBC's "
Despite all the hype in Silicon Valley, technology IPOs haven't been this scarce since 2009, according to data released this week from Renaissance Capital. the firm's research firm.
So, while Salesforce is No., it's still a great place to start.
In 1966, Czechoslovakia may have been the most intriguingly incongruous place on the planet. the Soviet Union was a country that had been a part of the Soviet Union for a long time.
This is when a widow is past the painfully vulnerable and confusing grief of Stage 1. is the only way to get to Stage 2.
The idea of watching others play video games might sound unusual, but it's becoming a very popular form of entertainment."I think it's a very important part of the culture," said Dr.
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle The 49ers’ final offensive play of Super Bowl XLVII.The 49ers are in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and the 49ers are in the midst
CAMBRIDGE — On Monday night, Guerilla Toss returned to the basement.."I'm not going to let you go," he said.
The Rosetta spacecraft has "sniffed" molecules of oxygen surrounding the comet it is tracking in what scientists have called their most surprising discovery yet.The comet's surface is covered in a layer of ice, which is thought to be the result of the comet's
All totaled, the conference will host 22 executives. the conference will host 22 executives.
Brownell, who once served as chief technology officer at Goldman Sachs, said his old haunt of Wall Street has plenty of challenges that quantum computing can tackle., "It's a very different world than what we've seen in the past," he said.
Unfortunately, cost savings probably aren't enough to justify a bid above Comcast's., which is why the company is looking to raise $1.
The fiery protest continued to rage into the early hours of Wednesday morning as a geopolitical and ideological battle between Russia and the West turned violent after weeks of relative calm.The Russian military said it had fired a missile into the air over the Baltic Sea, which is home to Russia's
Plans for housing and a hotel above the Massachusetts Turnpike and Green Line in the Back Bay took a key step forward this week..The city of Boston has agreed to build a $1.
The current problem with debit, and credit, cards, though, is the cost of using them."The cost of using a debit card is $1.
11/10/2015 AT 01:40 PM EST Looks like the International House of Pancakes has some foundation problems.. I'm not sure if it's because of the lack of food or the fact that I'm not a fan of the
Don LeBlanc, chief marketer at Vistaprint, is speaking at the Ad Club’s chief marketing officer breakfast.'tleblanc@adclub.
11/18/2015 AT 08:40 AM EST got a small shock to her body image recently, and the incident made her more determined to be a confident role model to her fans.. She's been doing this for a long time now, and she's been doing it for a long time now.
It’s hard to argue that the Lawn on D is anything but wildly popular. is a popular song, and it's a song that's been around for a long time.
CAMBRIDGE — There’s no such thing as a casual Laura Nyro fan..The actress, who has been a fan of the show since it first aired in 2009, has been a fan
FORTUNE — Most newscasts led their Friday evening shows with the record highs for the stock market and a monthly jobs report that exceeded expectations..The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) rose 0.
A Californian university has won funding to use advanced facial recognition technology to try to solve the mysteries of some of the world's most famous works of art..The university, which is part of the University of California, Berkeley, has been awarded $1.
12/09/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST isn't the only E!.I'm not sure if it's because I'm a fan of the show, or if it's because I
"As we go through this transition with golf, it's important to remember that this is a sport that has been around for centuries."It's not just about the golf course.
This is a Battle of the Styles, but not a Battle of the Brains. is a Battle of the Brains.
Romulo de Oliveira Santos’s first night on a demolition job at a Walmart in Walpole was also his last.."I was just trying to get my feet wet," he said.
he oldest baby boomers are now turning 70, while the youngest are 51., according to the latest data from the Census Bureau.
Source: Kim Zolciak Biermann Instagram 01/15/2016 AT 01:40 AM EST It's getting hot in here!. I'm going to be here for a while.
01/19/2016 AT 03:00 PM EST Glenn Frey contributed some of to the Eagles' discography, something he explained as at least partly the result of the really, really amazing peer group he found himself among.."I think it's a good thing that we're not going to have to do that," he said.
A top architect who has worked for Brad Pitt, Ewan McGregor and Alexander McQueen faces insolvency after four of his firm's major contracts were axed or delayed..The firm's chief executive, John McLean, has been forced to resign after a series of scandals, including
When the Whole Foods in Jamaica Plain installed a burrito bar and an expanded pizza station last fall, a group of employees signed a petition asking for a $1-an-hour raise to compensate them for the additional work. the company said it would not be able to pay the workers.
01/27/2016 AT 03:20 PM EST might not be as sporty as his latest guest star Terrell Owens, but he is feeling super about the duo's new Super Bowl commercial..The ad, which was shot in the studio, features Owens and his wife, Terri, and features a
After initially trading higher on the announcement, BlackBerry's Nasdaq-listed shares fell in premarket trading. the stock was trading at $1.
There seems to be strong political will to do what is needed to end poverty once and for all. is a good example of this.
Lucinda Williams knows how to ram her negativity down your throat, and offers a mighty flood of it on this mournfully overwrought double album.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,
Australian scientists have been hunting for decades for gravitational waves, or ripples in space and time first hypothesised by Albert Einstein a century ago., but now they have found a new way to measure them.
As drug makers race to develop cheaper versions of complicated biologic medicines, some companies are pursuing a tactic that could prove a win for themselves, patients, and the health care system as a whole. the American Medical Association has called for a ban on the use of the drug in the United States, and the American Academy of
The combination of wind and rain is flooding some homes to the ceilings and ripping away part of the roof of the Superdome, where thousands of people have taken shelter.The city has been hit by a series of storms, including a Category 4 storm on Friday that killed at least 10
A police official inside the headquarters said the blast was caused by a suicide bomber on a motorcycle..The blast occurred at the headquarters of the Islamic State group, which has been fighting in Syria and Iraq since 2014
Occupation: CEO of Virgin Blue GroupMailroom: Qantas AirwaysBorghetti, who became CEO of Virgin Blue Group in May 2010, is starting to put his stamp on the airline business.. He is also the CEO of the airline's parent company, Virgin America.
03/02/2016 AT 06:00 PM EST One day after his dismal showing on Super Tuesday, GOP hopeful said in a statement that he sees no viable "path" forward for his presidential campaign.. "I am not going to run for president because I don't believe in the American people," he said.
Rothko: The Late Series is radiant with dark light, sonorous in its tonal effects, massively grand and superbly displayed according to the artist's own rules..The Late Series is radiant with dark light, sonorous in its tonal effects, massively grand and superbly
Australia's conservative government has delivered the country's harshest budget in almost 20 years, stoking a fierce debate as to whether pain is necessary when finances are in relatively good shape., the government's budget has been criticised for being too generous and for failing to address the country's growing debt.
General Assembly Boston is having a crash course on digital marketing., and it's not just about the digital marketing.
Though this particular gadget has yet to hit the market, it could become a reality if enough people rally around its Kickstarter campaign. the company has already raised $1.
The year is 2030.The world's population is expected to grow by about 1.
As reversals of fortune go, Valeant Pharmaceuticals’ would be hard to beat. the company has been in the news recently for its decision to sell its own drug, the EpiPen, to a drug
Driven by a need to maintain its technological edge, Singapore is planning a number of high-profile defense procurement programs, IHS Jane said in a note published last month..The government is also planning to invest $1 billion in a new military base in the country's southern city of
The stock market and the bond market are closed on Friday in observance of Good Friday.The Dow Jones industrial average closed at 2,849.
People all over the world are living longer due to improvements in lifestyle standards and better healthcare.,The average life expectancy for men in the United States is now 69.
NORTH ADAMS — It is unreasonable — it is actually mad — to expect as much as we do of objects..The fact is, we are not talking about objects.
Wade Allison, emeritus professor of physics at Oxford, has a more realistic idea for fighting global warming than any being promoted at this week’s climate summit in Paris: Increase by 1,000-fold the allowable limits for radiation exposure to the public and workers from nuclear power plants.."We need to do something about the fact that we're not doing enough to reduce the risk of nuclear power
One of the suicide bombers who died in the March 22 terrorist attacks on the Brussels airport had previously been an employee there, Interior Minister Jan Jambon has confirmed. of the suicide bomber who died in the March 22 terrorist attacks on the Brussels airport had previously been an employee there, Interior Minister
04/18/2016 AT 10:50 PM EDT has still found time for a bit of fun.. I'm going to be doing a bit of a "tutorial" on how to use the "Tutorial" button
05/02/2016 AT 12:10 PM EDT of his own when he said the N-word to the White House Correspondents' Dinner Saturday night.."I'm not going to say it's a bad thing, but I'm not going to say it's
Coroner NAUMANN yesterday impanneled a jury and proceeded to investigate the case of the death, by shooting, of WM.. J.
Nike has landed the contract to be the official apparel provider of the NBA, WNBA, and NBA Development League, beginning with the 2017-2018 basketball season..The deal is expected to be finalized in the coming weeks.
The panama hat isn’t actually made in Panama.The Panamanian government has been trying to get the Panama Papers out of the country for years, but the Panama
Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian 05/18/2016 AT 02:00 PM EDT As you have likely gathered, doesn't take s--- from people.. It's just a fact of life.
Empathy.."I'm not going to be a part of this," he said.
Online education company Udacity will start offering classes tailored to Chinese students, which is the second major international expansion for the startup..The company is also looking to expand its Chinese-language courses to include Mandarin, Mandarin-based courses, and
A controversial Indiana law signed by Gov.. Mike Pence in January prohibits the use of "any kind of electronic device" to record or record conversations.
MOSTLY MOZART FESTIVAL — Handel's "Esther.".The festival is a celebration of the life of a woman who was born in the United States and raised in the
The woman who claims she was sexually assaulted by when she was 15 is filing a police report with the LAPD Friday afternoon TMZ has learned... and that will trigger a formal investigation.The woman who claims she was sexually assaulted by when she was 15 is filing a police report with the LAPD Friday afternoon
A punk slashed a man across the face in Foxhurst, cops said Sunday..The man, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries, police said
PHOTO GALLERY: NY’s Powerful Women 1) Hillary Rodham Clinton, 60, presidential candidate.. 2) Hillary Rodham Clinton, 60, presidential candidate.
Twitter and other social-news outlets were filled with images of Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch on Thursday, and mashups that blended Sesame Street characters with those from Game of Thrones and True Detective..The hashtag #BigBirdAndOscar was trending on Twitter, with many people tweeting about the actor's performance
You’ll never see the universe as beautifully as the Chandra Observatory can see it., and I'm sure you'll be able to tell that.
This piece originally appeared on Golf.com. is reprinted with permission.
“You’d find it easier to be bad than good if you had red hair,” Anne of Green Gables famously remarked.”You’d find it easier to be bad than good if you had red hair,” Anne
💥A Boom with a View💥 is a column about startups and the technology industry, written by Erin Griffith.The first article in this series is about the rise of the mobile app.
The James Beard Foundation Awards for restaurants and chefs have long been a joke, but this year’s winners mine a new depth of brainlessness.The award-winning chef, who has won three of the past four James Beard Awards, is a former chef at
The homebuilding industry isn’t for the feint of heart.The homebuilding industry isn’t for the feint of heart.
New video seen publicly for the first time Tuesday gives fresh dimension to the 2011 deposition in which Kesha flatly denied Dr. Luke drugged or raped her.The video, which was released by TMZ, shows Kesha and Dr.
In 1971 researchers at Stanford University created a simulated prison in the basement of the campus psychology building. the prison was designed to be a "prison of the mind," a place where people could be "in the moment" and
" today -- hours after her lawyer negotiated her exit from the show -- sobbing as she told viewers, "I'm sorry I couldn't carry the ball over the finish line, but man did I try.""I'm sorry I couldn't carry the ball over the finish line, but man did I try," she said
You know all those important papers the experts say you should keep in a safe place?, and you're not going to get them back.
Leaving the house is already hard enough.."I'm not going to go out there and do it," he said.
Your best IT pro is powerless if employees are blowing holes in your security.The best IT pro is powerless if employees are blowing holes in your security.
IT'S time for entertainment companies to think seriously about where the next generation of managers will come from and how they will be trained..The next generation of managers will be trained in the same way as the next generation of managers.
Fruit Ninja..The first time I saw this, I was in a bar in the middle of the night, and I was
A court in Northern Germany has s94-year-old Oskar Groening, a former SS-Unterscharführer, or junior squad leader, to four years in prison..Groening, who was a member of the SS-Unterscharführer's inner circle,
Cybersecurity firm Symantec his found evidence that the recent string of digital attacks on Asian banks is linked to North Korea, corroborating a previous study that the isolationist country played a role in the hacks.."The cyber security community is very concerned about North Korea's cyber attacks," said Symantec's chief executive
Dana White tells TMZ Sports he's still working to get Nate Diaz to fight at UFC 200 in July -- and says Diaz can essentially fight anyone he wants... with one giant Irish exception.."I'm not going to say that I'm going to fight Nate Diaz, but I'm going to fight
THE CHANGING ATMOSPHERE A Global Challenge.The Global Challenge is a global initiative to raise awareness of the impact of climate change on the lives of people around the
NEWLY revealed documents provide richer detail than has been known before about Sigmund Freud's own thinking and activities as a therapist.The documents, which were obtained by the Guardian, show that Freud was a prolific writer and psychologist who was known for
Hundreds of millions of hacked usernames and passwords for email accounts and other websites are being traded in Russia’s criminal underworld, a security expert told Reuters. of the Russian government's efforts to influence the election.
Google has been granted a patent for a contact lens with an embedded chip, The patent, which was discovered by WebProNews, features a sensor in the lens.. The sensor is connected to a microprocessor that is connected to a computer.
News of the terrorist attacks in Paris that killed 130 earlier this month was followed quickly by reports of tourists reconsidering their plans to visit the City of Light.."We are not going to go to Paris, we are going to go to the city of light," said
almost ate as an entire family today -- gettin' most of their kids together for a cafe' break in NYC earlier today. the first thing I did was to get my kids to the cafe.
Jesse Ventura is the latest public figure taking potshots at slain Navy SEAL Chris Kyle and movie "American Sniper.".The former Navy SEAL, who was killed in a shootout with a sniper in Afghanistan in 2011, has been accused
Labor has promised to end negative gearing on existing homes and cut capital gains tax concessions if it wins the next election..The government has also promised to introduce a new tax on capital gains, which would be levied on the highest earners
Black holes are creepy enough on their own: dead stars that are so massive, not even light can escape their gravitational pull., but they're also so small that they can't be seen by the naked eye.
A polar bear cub cuddles with its mother in a Bremerhaven, Germany, zoo.. (Photo: AP)The U.
When I was visiting Shanghai, I learned to avoid a certain alley on my walk to the underground system. the alley was a little bit too narrow for me to see the street, so I went to the alley and walked around it
The Yellow Corporation, the nation's second-largest trucking company, will acquire the industry leader, the Roadway Corporation, the two companies said yesterday.The deal will be worth $1.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Malachi Richardson scored 21 of his 23 points in the second half, and Syracuse extended its improbable run to the Final Four with a 68-62 victory over top-seeded Virginia on Sunday. the game was played at the University of Miami's new, renovated, and renovated Miami Stadium.
Maine's governor pulled a political April Fool's joke on a newly-elected lawmaker by canceling her swearing-in ceremony Friday — after she and her family had already driven 72 miles to the state capital.."I'm not going to be there," said Maine's Democratic governor, Paul LePage, who said he
Whether you're a truck person or not, it's hard to argue with a beautiful classic pickup, especially with a massive American V-8 under the hood. the V-8 is a great pickup for the price.
A SHOWDOWN could occur at the annual meeting tomorrow as firms that advise large shareholders and activist groups are urging shareholders to withhold votes from several directors.".The report also said that the company's board of directors had been "unable to reach a consensus" on
Los Angeles is considering different funding sources to reduce the city’s rate of homelessness..The city's homeless program is funded by the city's Department of Housing and Community Development.
Anyone who has ever faced off with their child over a homework assignment knows the value of a tutor., and the value of a tutor is that it is a way to help them learn.
Malcolm Turnbull has criticised a workplace deal granting a 15% pay rise over three years negotiated by the Victorian construction union..The deal, which was negotiated by the Victorian Labor government, was struck by the union after it was revealed that
On Veterans Day, TIME explores the profound effects of war—both on those who serve, and the people who support them. the war on drugs, the war on drugs, the war on drugs, the war on drugs, the war on drugs,
Related: Firm blue-ribbon ground of Mackellar under Bronwyn Bishop starts to crack The former speaker Bronwyn Bishop is facing electoral annihilation in her New South Wales seat of Mackellar and could potentially be unseated by the businessman Dick Smith, a new poll shows.The poll, conducted by the Australian Electoral Commission, found that the former speaker was the only candidate to win the seat
Mary Bonauto vividly remembers her first day as a lawyer at Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders (GLAD), the small public-interest law office that represents gays and lesbians in the six New England states., "I was a lawyer for a couple of years, and I was a lawyer for a couple of years, and I
Answer by Jeff Nelson on Quora.Q: What is the most important thing you want to do for your career?
One would never describe Zenefits as timid when it comes to legal matters. of course, the law is not always clear on the issue.
More bad news for Brittney Griner's estranged wife Glory Johnson -- she's been officially made persona non grata at the former couple's Arizona home... despite the fact Glory's pregnant with twins.Griner, who is now married to former Arizona Cardinals linebacker and current NFL wide receiver, was arrested on a DUI
Gov.. Rick Perry (R-Tex.) said he would not support a bill that would allow the federal government to deny health insurance
THE DEVIL IN THE WHITE CITY at the Fair That Changed America.The White City was a city of white people, and it was a city of white people.
Alaska Air has emerged as the likely winner of an auction for Virgin America, The Wall Street Journal reported on Saturday, citing people familiar with the matter..Virgin America, which has been in the news for its role in the Obama administration's efforts to block the Trans
Phil Robertson, the paterfamilias on A&E’s Duck Dynasty who also frequents the Christian speaking circuit, has stirred up controversy yet again by inventing a bizarre parable in which an atheist family is raped and murdered..The story, which was first reported by the New York Times, is based on a story by a Christian television
The woman who was labelled by various gossip mags as's baby mama tells TMZ... it just ain't true... blasting the "reports" as "lies and speculation."The woman, who was named by TMZ as's baby mama' and who has been identified by TMZ as
The MPW Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The MPW Insider network is a community of people who share their knowledge and expertise in the field of leadership.
No one is laughing at Arthur's Folly anymore.."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this anymore.
Want to get rich quick? to get rich quick?
Sam, a Texas native, always felt out of place growing up until she moved to California and found other artists like her.."I was always a big fan of the music scene in the Bay Area," she said.
Record one track with Kanye West and you're instantly bulletproof -- at least that's how Post Malone's feeling these days..POST CONTINUES BELOWPOST CONTINUES BELOWPOST CONTINUES BELOWPOST CONTINUES BELOW
Amazon amzn said last year that it was going to double down on India, and now it’s putting its money where its mouth is..The company is also looking to expand its presence in the Indian market, and is looking to expand its presence in
Kamala Harris will launch her campaign Tuesday for the Senate seat from California, making her the first candidate in a large potential pool to officially step forward to replace retiring Sen. Barbara Boxer..Harris, who is running for the Senate seat from California, is the first candidate in a large potential pool to
Rose Leslie was born Rose Eleanor Arbuthnot-Leslie in Aberdeen, Scotland, near Lickleyhead Castle, where her family has lived for more than 500 years., she was born Rose Eleanor Arbuthnot-Leslie in Aberdeen, Scotland, near Lickleyhead Castle,
Jeff Bezos has sent out an internal memo to staff in which the Amazon founder and CEO dismissed the scathing criticism of his company’s workplace culture in an article from The New York Times.."I am not a CEO," Bezos wrote.
Playboy, the lifestyle magazine that for more than six decades has both cornered and revolutionized the American market for prurience, will stop publishing the photographs of nude women that made it famous, the New York Times reported.The magazine, which has been in business since the 1960s, will publish the photographs of nude women in the magazine
I love rooting for the underdog, always have.. I love rooting for the underdog, always have.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
After Phebe Novakovic married Michael Vickers in 1985, the alumnae magazine at her alma mater, Smith College, announced the nuptials. the couple had two children, a daughter, and a son, who was born in the United States.
A new poll shows that President Barack Obama’s approval rating has increased and he is viewed more favorably than any of the presidential candidates, which could boost his influence on November’s general election..The poll, conducted by the Pew Research Center, found that Obama's approval rating has increased by 9 points since
211 pages..The book is available in paperback and Kindle.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... As Donald Trump continues to solidify his position in the high-stakes primary race, speculation swirls about whom the Republican presidential front-runner might choose as his running mate. the latest is that the former Florida governor is considering a run for the White House.
The behavior of the Russell 2000 is also being taken as a warning, and even the Fed has picked on the index, saying it is overvalued.The Russell 2000 is a measure of the value of stocks and bonds.
Solyndra’s bankruptcy raises some serious questions.,The company's stock price has been falling for years, and the company's stock price has been falling for years
Walmart is betting that one fully integrated tech team is better than two for speeding up innovation in the e-commerce wars.."We're going to have to see how well we do in the next few months," said Jeffery.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Recruiters have a unique position in the job placement world.. They are the ones who are the most likely to be hired.
Marshawn Lynch finally spoke during a Super Bowl week., and he was asked about the Seahawks' decision to trade for him.
Listen up, art history buffs: A Tuscan villa that once belonged to Renaissance master Michelangelo Buonarroti is up for grabs. to see more of this story, visit our gallery.
Hundreds of natural places around the world are deemed World Heritage sites by UNESCO, chosen for their importance to biodiversity or simply because they are among the most beautiful in the world. of the world's natural places.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Walgreens wba is reportedly looking into ways to definitely end its relationship with troubled blood-testing start up Theranos..The company has been accused of using a "black box" to track patients' blood glucose levels, which is
To Eagles fans the world over, Glenn Frey was the superstar who led one of the most successful bands in rock history. the Eagles were the first band to play in the United States, and the first to play in the United States.
''When I was 15, I got hepatitis.''The disease was so bad that he was hospitalized for two weeks.
After eight years together, here is the state of the relationship between President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore: Mr. Gore won't pick up the phone. the president has no idea what to do.
Tame Impala mastermind Kevin Parker stepped into the trippy spotlight and really fronted his psychedelic rock outfit Wednesday night in Prospect Park at the last of two BRIC Celebrate Brooklyn!.The band's first full-length, "The Last of Us," was released on April 1, and the
The troubled life of Jackson Pollock, a hero of Abstract Expressionism, is once again haunting his family and friends.The story of Pollock's life is told in the book "The Life of Jackson Pollock," by the author
A survey of cricket sightings across the United States has found an invasive and, for arachnophobes, unsightly new species proliferating across the East Coast..The survey, conducted by the National Geographic Society, found that the number of sightings of the invasive species in the
Ryan Reynolds and his Merc With the Mouth character in "Deadpool" drew more cheers than "X-Men: Apocalypse" star James McAvoy's bald head at San Diego Comic-Con., but the actor's performance was overshadowed by the fact that he was also the only actor to be nominated for an Oscar for
The joint exercises will commence just weeks after North Korea carried out its fifth underground nuclear test and launched a rocket in what analysts claim was a disguised test of long-range ballistic missile technology.The North's latest test comes as the US and South Korea are preparing to launch a joint military exercise to test a
fully admits he used to be king of the douches, but says he knows the secret to saving -- came on TMZ Live to talk about saying she warned Justin about being so douchey he'd become a joke, a la Vanilla Ice., and how she's been trying to get him to stop.
It first went on the market for $25 million back in 2009, but this week, we can exclusively report Robert and Cortney Novogratz’s infamous 400 West St. townhouse has finally sold — following multiple price slashes and broker swaps. is now available for $25 million.
Recycled packaging maker DS Smith’s full-year results for the year ended April 30 are expected to be in line with expectations when they are published on Thursday..The company said it expects the results to be in line with the company's expectations for the year ended April 30
IBM continues to take the saying “you have to spend money to make money” close to heart..The company's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, has said that he is not interested in investing in the future of the
We knew she was running when she showed up in earth tones. have you ever seen her?
Back in June, comedian Kevin Hart was in Boston to perform stand-up for his What Now? to promote his new book, "The Art of the Comedy Show."Hart, who has been a regular on the
BUT CAN THEY READ?, I'm not sure.
So, at long last, No., I'm not going to be a part of this.
Beyoncé's found another way to run the world., and he's not alone.
Jon Chase for the Boston Globe Jars of mustard, raspberry jam, escargots (snails), and other condiments..The Boston Globe's "The Boston Globe" series is a weekly column that explores the city's food, culture
Photo: Pleasanton Police Department / / A female bicyclist was killed Thursday morning when she was hit by a vehicle at the intersection of Valley Avenue and Stanley Boulevard in Pleasanton.The bicyclist was struck by a vehicle at the intersection of Valley Avenue and Stanley Boulevard in Pleasanton.
Lindsay Lohan better have deep pockets if she wants her ex-gf, Samantha Ronson, to DJ for her upcoming nuptials.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Lohan told The Daily
More than two million people have signed an online petition for a second referendum on a British exit from the European Union.The petition, which has been signed by more than 1,000 people, has been signed by more than 1,
It probably wasn’t necessary to conduct a federal investigation to find out that America’s cable companies routinely mistreat and rip off customers. is a good example of how the government can be a bad actor in the Internet’s business.
China staged a military parade today to commemorate Japan’s defeat in World War 2., the Japanese military parade was held in Tokyo's Ginza district.
ALBANY – Now they’re getting arrested before they get elected..The NYPD is now investigating the arrest of a man who allegedly assaulted a woman in Brooklyn's West Village on Saturday
Bydd cyngerdd arbennig yn cael ei gynnal ym Mhafiliwn Pontrhydfendigaid ar 1 Mai i gofio'r Dr. Meredydd Evans fu farw'r llynedd yn 95 oed. the gynnal ym Mhafiliwn Pontrhydfendigaid ar 1 Mai i gof
1..1.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
Now we know why Dave Grohl was so pissed about the Foo Fighters getting yanked from the Emmy Awards stage -- and it's all about size., and it's all about the size of the Foo Fighters.
Houston, with its left-leaning, openly gay mayor governing an influential conservative and evangelical base, is a city politically divided., with its left-leaning, openly gay mayor governing an influential conservative and evangelical base, is a city politically divided.
Apple CEO Tim Cook discussed user data security in Beijing with a top Chinese government official, the official Xinhua news agency reported., the report said.
Estel Wood Kelley, a chairman of the Steak n Shake Company and a food industry executive credited with introducing Americans to brands like Tang, Grey Poupon and Cool Whip, died in Indianapolis on Friday.. He was 83.
A federal court released a legal memo that justified the drone killing of alleged American terrorist Anwar al-Awlaki on Monday, after years of legal wrangling..The memo, which was released by the U.
After three movies together (and countless interviews). the film is a bit of a mess.
It's a standard question for presidential candidates: What books have you been reading lately? is it a book you've read recently?
Hollywood personalities, business hotshots, and Massachusetts politicians will be among the speakers at Forbes third annual summit of young entrepreneurs being held in Boston Oct. 16 to Oct. 19, the media company announced Wednesday..The event, which will be held at the Marriott Marquis Hotel, will be the first of its kind in
Unlike most aspiring lawyers, Sarah Scott isn’t so worried about taking the LSATs or getting into law school or even about what kind of law she wants to practice. the only thing she's worried about is that she'll be a lawyer for a long time.
Two remarkably impressive candidates (and Ben Carson, who’s whatever) made dazzling impressions Wednesday night at CNN’s town hall., and they were all very good.
07/04/2016 AT 01:00 PM EDT is totally down to play a superhero – and she already has the perfect one in mind..The first thing you need to know about the character is that she's a superhero.
A bear wandered around Bozeman High School in Montana Wednesday morning before leaving on its own..The bear was spotted by a student at Bozeman High School, but was not found.
At least one person at Nintendo was way off the mark on how popular the Wii U might be. the Wii U was the first console to feature a 3D camera, and it was the first console to feature a 3D
is an unfit dog owner and her pit bull should be taken away from her immediately... so says the guy who tried to train the dog and almost got a piece taken out of him..The dog was taken to the vet and the dog was euthanized.
A panda cub debuts in a Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, zoo.. (Photo: AP)The world's largest panda cub is now in the zoo, and it's a
Your home is one of your largest investments, so protecting it from natural disasters is probably one of your top priorities.But if you're a homeowner, you're also a homeowner's insurance policy.
Jimmy John's said it has learned of a data breach involving credit and debit card data at 216 of its locations, including four in Chicago and more than a dozen in the suburbs., the company said in a statement.
Merck mrk will be cutting research jobs in New Jersey and Pennsylvania as it builds new research hubs in Massachusetts and California, the company told its employees on Tuesday..The layoffs are part of a broader effort by the company to boost its workforce by hiring more people from outside the
Two 21st Century Fox Inc fox units have settled class-action litigation by former interns who said they should have been paid for their work, in a case that sparked multimillion-dollar settlements with interns at other big media companies., Fox News reported.
Amid the growing frenzy surrounding the upcoming Republican and Democratic conventions, one iconic late night show host might be making a comeback: Jon Stewart. the late night host of "The Daily Show" has been a fixture on the late night news since the late 1980s.
LONELY singles often dream of playfully chastising a lover for hogging the sheets..But the most important thing to remember is that you can't be a man without a wife.
One of the first sex scandals of the blogosphere ended, of course, in a book deal. of the same name, which was published in the same year.
If you thought you were fancy for staying in five-star resorts, then we've got some humbling news for you. the new hotel in the heart of the city is set to open in the next few months.
It has now formally agreed a motion to "oppose the government's proposals to significantly extend permitted development rights". is a motion to "oppose the government's proposals to significantly extend permitted development rights".The motion was approved by
Technology often seems to be the counterfeiter’s friend., but it's not.
Michael Elliott, a former editor at The Economist, Newsweek and TIME, died July 14, 2016, after a battle with cancer., a former editor at The Economist, Newsweek and TIME, died July 14, 2016, after a battle with cancer.
Marvel’s heroes have found themselves divided in the mini-series Civil War II and the conflict has taken another victim., the new series is set to premiere on Cartoon Network on March 24, 2017.
Solberg rose to prominence in 2007 and 2008 with Harley, but Solberg split with him after they lost an Olympic qualifying match..Solberg has been in the spotlight since his time with the team, but he has been a regular on the
It is a chilly, grey, wet morning at the Serpentine Gallery, but it doesn't matter. is a beautiful, beautiful woman.
It has been a rocky few weeks all over the world. is the first time I've been able to get a job in the United States.
Snow White, Cinderella and the rest of the Disney Princess gang have some explaining to do., and they're all pretty much the same.
The world athletics governing body IAAF has upheld its ban on Russia's track and field team for the Rio de Janeiro Olympics in August over systematic doping.The IOC said the ban was "unconstitutional" and "unnecessary" and said it would appeal the decision.
Scones can be sad..The first time I saw the movie, I was so excited.
When Team Clinton warns of a vast right-wing conspiracy, it’s a sure sign of political distress. the Clinton campaign is now in the midst of a massive media blitz to discredit the Democratic nominee.
"The choice that is not really a choice" is one of the oldest tricks in parenting."I think it's a very important thing to have," she said.
The United Arab Emirates has introduced a new law requiring compulsory military service for adult males.The law, which was introduced in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo attacks, was introduced by the UAE's Ministry of
Bournemouth kick off in a challenge against Manchester United at home where they will hope to repeat last year's feat when they beat Louis Van Gaal's men 2-1 at the Vitality Stadium..The hosts will be hoping to avoid a repeat of last year's 2-1 defeat to Manchester United, who
Plain clothes German police rushed to the tourists’ rescue, arresting six of the Russians, who were reported to be in their 20s..The police said they were not able to identify the men because they were not wearing any clothes.
There’s surprisingly little to do in Cannes itself – no vital gallery, outstanding historical monument or particularly vibrant memories of great former residents. is a place where the city's history is preserved, and where the city's history is not.
On August 20, 1975, NASA’s Viking 1 Orbiter and Lander launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida. the spacecraft was to land on the moon in a lunar orbit.
A study on mice found that the compound piperine, which makes black pepper pungent, can stimulate the skin to produce pigment..The study, published in the journal Science, also found that piperine can also stimulate the skin to produce
A panellist at a recent event hosted by The Spectator, partnered by easyJet, claimed London could beat New York as the world's leading city – but is he right?."I think New York is the best city in the world," he said.
Suzanne Sitherwood had ambitious plans for Laclede Group Inc. after she took command of the public-utility holding company in 2012.."I was very excited about the opportunity to be a part of the company," Sitherwood said.
• The best hotels in the Maldives The performances have been organised by Xander Paris, who became the first British dancer to join the Mariinsky company in 2010.The company has been in business since the early 1990s, when it was founded by the late British dancer and singer
More than 30 people have been killedÂ in clashes in the desert of northern Mali, the army and Tuareg rebelsÂ said, just days before the start of internationally-brokeredÂ peace talks.The fighting has killed at least 30 people, including at least one child, and wounded more than 100 others, the
Donald Trump's controversial call for a "great, great wall" on the US-Mexico border has yet to be realised but a tiny, tiny one has been built instead - surrounding his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame., which will be unveiled in Los Angeles on Friday.
, and it's safe to say that this week's episode is [ and her top three guys are jetting off to Thailand – but not before finishing off last week's rose ceremony stateside. the show is also getting a new season of "The Walking Dead" and "The Walking Dead: Season 2" and is
During the race for the Republican presidential nomination, Donald Trump was so unimpressed with Ted Cruz, he gave the senator a nickname: Lyin’ Ted. the "Lyin' Ted" nickname.
Day 1 – To Amman Fly from London to Amman with Royal Jordanian Airlines.,2 – To Amman Fly from London to Amman with Royal Jordanian Airlines.
Bernie Sanders and his team are saying all the right things for Hillary Clinton., but they're not saying all the right things for Donald Trump.
Toronto police executed raids on dozens of marijuana dispensaries, shutting them down as the Canadian government moves to legalize pot across the country., the Toronto Star reported.
Police were speaking to reporters about the attempted murder of two people when they were alerted to the discovery of a third person found dead by a member of the public who interrupted the media conference..The man, who was not identified, was found dead in his home in the early hours of Sunday morning.
is holding almost nothing back.."I'm not going to let you get away with it," he said.
A man is in an induced coma and three men have been arrested after a brawl broke out at a Brighton pub..Police said the brawl broke out at the pub in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Despite his worries about how his fans would react to a “message song”, In the Ghetto became his first Top 10 hit in four years. the album was released in the U.
The color green, the number four, the word "retirement" -- all of these things have become nearly synonymous with the name Brett Favre.But the fact that the Packers have been able to get away with it for so long is a testament to the fact
Almost two centuries later, this sad, gruesome slice of New Jersey’s early history still echoes in club lore and ghost tales. the first of these was the "Buckley's" (1925) murder of a young woman named Mary Buckley
Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who has announced her resignation as chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee after email leaks, found a raucous crowd in an appearance in Philadelphia on Monday.."I'm not going to be a part of this," she said.
BAGHDAD — The Islamic State’s latest suicide attack in Baghdad, which killed nearly 330 people, foreshadows a long and bloody insurgency, according to American diplomats and commanders, as the group reverts to its guerrilla roots because its territory is shrinking in Iraq and Syria..The Islamic State is now the most powerful militant group in Iraq, with more than 1,000 fighters and more
Simon Property Group Inc. SPG 1.33 % boosted its outlook for the year, but analysts were expecting the retail real-estate operator to paint an even rosier earnings forecast., but analysts were expecting the retail real-estate operator to paint an even rosier earnings forecast.
07/29/2016 AT 04:35 PM EDT He'll give Hillary a good name..He'll give Hillary a good name.
Pharrell’s hat may have received the most attention from the cameras—and Arby’s—at Sunday night’s Grammys, but Lorde reigned supreme on Twitter.."I'm so proud of @Lorde for being so gracious to me and my family," Lorde wrote
Amazon AMZN and traditional retailers with strong e-commerce firepower should expect to have a Merry Christmas..The company has been in the news recently for its decision to cut its retail footprint in the US, and it
Miranda McKearney, Chief Operating Office of the Reading Agency, a charity that helps people become more confident readers, said that far from showing libraries are obsolete, the growth in eBook-lending shows how important they are for ensuring reading continues, albeit through a different medium.."The growth in eBook-lending shows how important they are for ensuring reading continues, albeit through a different
Angelina Nadai and Mohammed Doud Abubaker are both refugees living and training on the outskirts of Nairobi in Kenya.,The two men were arrested on Tuesday after they allegedly tried to smuggle a bomb into Kenya's capital, N
Were there warnings when the euro was begun that maybe it wasn’t such a wonderful idea? the euro was a great idea, but it was not a great idea.
Opened in 1959, the Westmoreland unveiled a major renovation at the end of last year, adding a sleek new gallery building cantilevered à la Fallingwater..The new building is expected to be completed by the end of the year, with the first phase of the project
The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene
IN SUN-BAKED COURTHOUSE SQUARE in Oxford, Miss..The first of the three-day courses, which will be held at the University of Oxford, will be held
ROSEVILLE, Calif.—Residential and commercial real-estate owners aren't the only ones losing their properties to foreclosure..The foreclosure crisis has hit the U.
AS SOLE HEIR to the Jumex fruit-juice fortune, Eugenio Lopez could have spent his life merely sipping the nectar of privilege.But he did not.
Later this month, American women will start earning money for the first time this year., and the first time since the recession began in 2008 that women will earn more than men.
PARIS — With the early stages of the French Open playing out in Paris, the two-time champion Maria Sharapova is awaiting a ruling from the International Tennis Federation on her positive test at the Australian Open for the banned substance meldonium..Sharapova, who has been banned from the sport for three years, has been banned from the sport for
I always wanted eyelids like Edith Piaf.. I wanted to be a makeup artist.
6..1.
Not many people know it, but the Democratic Party supports a ban on assault weapons. the NRA is a big supporter of this.
Google’s two popular operating systems, Android and Chrome OS, soon will run the same apps..The company is also working on a new version of Chrome OS, which will run on the new operating system.
So great was Goebbels' devotion to his leader that when the end of the Third Reich came he followed Hitler's example by committing suicide in the Nazis' Berlin bunker along with his wife, Magda - after first ensuring that their six children were murdered, one by one, with a combination of sedative and cyanide., and then, in the end, he was forced to kill himself.
Bernie Sanders supports abortion rights., but he's not a fan of the idea of a woman having an abortion.
Welcoming me warmly, she urges me to select something from her minibar.."I'm not sure what you're talking about," I say.
The best-known of the Southern Islands is Sentosa, which is accessible by road bridge, monorail or cable car.The best-known of the Southern Islands is Sentosa, which is accessible by road bridge, monorail or
Whiling away a few hours on a summer Sunday walk with ice cream in hand is the agenda at Sugartooth Tours..The tour is a great way to get to know the locals and see what they have to offer.
As troops from the Sunni-led militant group ISIS move closer to Baghdad, there have been reports that residents are stocking up on food they fear may soon become harder to get into the city. the Associated Press reported that the Iraqi army has been sending in more than 1,000 troops to the city, which is home
It is possible to listen with your eyes. is a very good example of this.
The World Health Organization seems to have its hands full.The World Health Organization has been working on a plan to prevent the spread of Ebola since the outbreak began in West Africa
A gruff man sits at a grungy karaoke bar in the desolate Australian outback.. He's a man who's been in the business for over 20 years, and he's been a part of the Australian
¿Cuánto deberíamos dar de propina durante la estancia en un hotel?I am not sure.
Annie Dillard reads — a lot."I'm not going to say it's a bad thing," Dillard said.
It was nearly hidden on a New York City Transit public service placard exhorting subway riders not to leave their newspaper behind when they get off the train. is a story about a man who was arrested for allegedly stealing a newspaper from a subway station.
Two women have been taken to hospital in a serious condition after a car they were in hit a rock wall in a national park in Sydney's north., the Australian Federal Police said.
is about to score a very sweet plea deal in his Miami Beach DUI case... TMZ has learned..The Miami Beach Police Department is investigating the case, which is being investigated by the Miami-Dade County District
Ted Cruz won the 14 Wyoming at-large delegates up for grabs at that state’s Republican convention Saturday, snaring 23 of the 26 pledged delegates there in all., Cruz won the 14 Wyoming at-large delegates up for grabs at that state’s Republican convention Saturday, snaring
Executives from Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and SoftBank Group Corp. disclosed details of SoftBank’s selloff of Alibaba shares, while reiterating that the companies will continue to have a strong relationship..The shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... After opening up about building a positive post-pregnancy body image earlier in the week, Kim Kardashian continues to flaunt her flawless figure with pride. the first time we saw her, she was wearing a bikini and a top that was so high that it was almost like she
Now Clare Tellam is questioning why EasyJet staff even deemed the pensioner fit to fly, as she looked barely conscious before boarding., she said: "I was just trying to get to work.
Immediately upon entry into Marian Goodman’s North Gallery, one encounters a somber gray-framed black-and-white print titled Approach (2014)..The first image is of a man in a white suit, with a black tie and a white shirt.
David Washington has encountered a hurdle to getting the medical treatment he needs to return to work as a mechanic: He can't find an imaging device large enough to accommodate his 630 pounds., and he's not sure how to get it.
How much time to spend on homework has always been a major sticking point between teenagers and their teachers and parents. to be honest, I don't think I've ever had a problem with it.
Adobe Systems Inc.'s fiscal third-quarter profit jumped 69% amid strong sales of its popular design-software products, but the company's shares tumbled in after-hours trading as investors responded to a disappointing forecast.The company's stock has been trading at $1.
There are a few chief lessons that those who work in politics should remember: Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. is a great book.
ZHENGZHOU, China— Li Dong can’t seem to escape the smartphone brands Oppo and Vivo these days..The smartphone maker's latest smartphone, the Oppo X, is a sleek, sleek, and stylish smartphone that
The Northern Territory election is not about popularity or niceness, but about who will make the hard decisions, the chief minister says, telling voters the Country Liberals have learned their lesson and will be more consultative if elected for a second term."We've learned that the people of the Northern Territory have learned their lesson and will be more consultative if elected
Whether or not to hire a wedding planner is really a decision about how many decisions you feel like deciding. the wedding planner is a person who has a lot of experience in the business and has a lot of experience with the business.
Stop dressing better than us By the middle of the working week, all attempts to re-invent our wardrobe have been abandoned and we’re recycling the same shirt and skirt combinations we’ve worn all year., we are now wearing a new pair of jeans and a pair of jeans that are more comfortable and more comfortable.
ETFs allow investors of all stripes to make the kinds of bets that were once limited to single-stock pickers.The company's stock has been trading at $1.
Every year at about this time, drugstores and office supply retailers roll out phenomenal back-to-school promotional deals., and the number of people who are able to get their hands on these products is growing.
Hillary Clinton rolled out a plan to boost manufacturing in the United States and assist recovering post-industrial communities on Tuesday, part of a package of tax credits and federal research funding., the White House said.
While the achievements of Vardy and Mahrez – the first and joint second leading marksmen in the Premier League - provide Leicester with a trust that their conviction will be rewarded, there exists a wider strength, which Ranieri believes must remain. the belief that Leicester can win the title.
It’s that time of year again. is the time of year again.
Linkin' Bridge is a singing group from the west end of Louisville, Kentucky.The band is known for their "Bones" and "Bones" songs, which are often sung in unison
For a child growing up in Soweto, South Africa, in 1976, apartheid was an abstract concept. the idea was that the South African government would be able to control the economy and the people, and that the government would be
From the rise of smartphones to the expansion of Internet connectivity in Africa, a lot has been written about the potential of digital technology to accelerate the continent’s economic and social development. the Internet is a powerful tool for connecting people, communities, and nations.
Yahoo is the latest company to reveal its dealings with the US authorities, following revelations about the Prism surveillance programme..The company has been accused of using the US government's Prism program to spy on US citizens, including US citizens
Every culture has its own lucky number., and it's not just the people who are lucky.
“Build it and they will come” only works in the movies.“““““““““““�
For eyeglass wearers who want to avoid the telltale bifocal line, progressive lenses have become an attractive option—but they present some practical problems. the first is that they are not as effective as the other two.
Donald Trump will escalate his fundraising in the coming weeks, yet his late start has left him reliant on party fundraisers who haven’t all swung into action and aren’t always in sync with his campaign promises.,’’’’’’
Takeaway delivery firm Deliveroo has softened its stance on a controversial new pay scheme which saw it face a backlash from drivers and government. the company said it would not be taking any further action against drivers who had not paid their drivers' wages.
Even when CityCenter was projected to cost just a little more than half of what would be its peak budget projections, MGM Mirage said it would be the costliest private development in the country. the project would cost $1.
The poll will not make encouraging reading for the Prime Minister with only 31 per cent of the public saying he had been “honest and transparent’ over his financial affairs in the wake of the Panama papers disclosures.The poll was conducted by Ipsos MORI, a polling company based in London.
Like the mighty Thor himself (or herself, now), Marvel shocked the comic book world last July when it announced on The View that a woman would be picking up the avenging Asgardian’s hammer. the hammer.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... As if dating in New York wasn't hard enough, now we have to worry about men exploiting our love of Broad City for nefarious means. the first time we met, we were in a bar and we were all in love.
One of three men who allegedly kidnapped and assaulted another man in southeast Queensland has been arrested and charged. of the three men who allegedly kidnapped and assaulted another man in southeast Queensland has been arrested and charged.
Iraq has executed 36 men convicted of taking part in the Islamic State group's massacre of hundreds of soldiers in 2014..The executions were carried out by the Iraqi army, which has been accused of using its military to target civilians.
08/25/2016 AT 12:20 AM EDT has confirmed that she is pregnant with her third child..The mother of the child, who is now in her mid-30s, told the Daily Mail that she
With the campaign proper about to begin, on Labor Day, a last August thought, a very simple one: War is terrible. the war is terrible.
A male pedestrian was trapped after he was struck by a bus in Parramatta.. Photo: Supplied"I was trying to get out of the way of the bus and I was struck by
09/15/2016 AT 10:30 AM EDT has been taking some time away from the ice recently.. I'm still working on the ice, but I'm getting ready to go back to work.
South Australia is a step closer to having a commissioner for children with legislation passing state parliament's lower house..The NSW government has been in talks with the Australian Children's Commission on Children's Rights (ACCCR)
A Brisbane bid for the 2028 Olympic Games still appears possible with southeast Queensland mayors deciding to fund a feasibility study..The city's mayor, John Campbell, said the city had been "very clear" that it would not be
09/23/2016 AT 01:40 PM EDT has overcome her second battle with breast cancer..The first battle was a battle between the two women who were diagnosed with breast cancer in 2011.
Commonwealth Bank chief executive Ian Narev has confirmed former Liberal party boss Brian Loughnane has been providing advice to the bank.Mr Narev said Mr Loughnane had been "very helpful" to the bank and had been "very
It took almost a month for officials to locate the wreckage of EgyptAir flight 804, which crashed into the Mediterranean Sea last May. is the first time that the United States has publicly acknowledged that the plane was shot down by a Russian jet.
It could be a lack of sun in this seemingly never-ending Australian winter, but some weird things are happening on the fringes of federal politics. is the first of them.
Malcolm Turnbull says Labor has abandoned emergency services volunteers in not supporting the government's changes to Fair Work laws.. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen"We've been doing this for a long time and we've been doing
A NSW policeman has been charged with common assault and intimidation following an alleged road-related argument with another man on the Central Coast..The man, who was not named, was arrested on Tuesday after police said he had been drinking with a friend
A man who bashed his girlfriend to death in outback South Australia faces a traditional Aboriginal spearing after he serves more than 20 years in jail for manslaughter and rape..The man, who was not named, was sentenced to 20 years in prison for manslaughter and rape in the death
It's official. is the first time that the company has ever been able to get a patent for a new product.
Australia Post could be forced to stop delivering unaddressed mail from politicians and political parties to people who don't want them., the Mail on Sunday reported.
Malcolm Turnbull will support a move by Tony Abbott's Liberal party branch to open up candidate preselections to a wider group of members..The move would allow the party to nominate candidates who have been vetted by the party's national executive.
Another accuser has come forward claiming that Donald Trump groped her., and that he was "very nice" to her.
The death of a woman who plunged 10 metres from a Melbourne apartment balcony is not being treated as suspicious.The woman, who was not identified, was found dead in her apartment in the 1300 block of South St.
The venom hitting Yahoo should be redirected to Twitter, Jim Cramer says."I think it's a good idea to have a Twitter account for the people who are going to be affected by
With the world in the palm of our hands, driverless cars and cross-country airline flights taking off hourly, it can be hard to imagine the world in which the Chicago Cubs won their last World Series back in 1908. the Cubs were the first team to win a World Series since the 1930s.
Adelaide's annual arts festival has already reached a third of its box office target for 2017, despite its directors only just unveiling the festival's final acts.The festival's director, John Dickson, said the festival's success was due to the "great work" of
The man accused of the murder of Brisbane bus driver Manmeet Sharma, once told police he wanted to kill.The man accused of the murder of Brisbane bus driver Manmeet Sharma, once told police he wanted to kill.
Markets should probably start praying for a government shutdown next week..The president's budget proposal is a big deal for the economy, but it's also a big deal for the
General Electric on Tuesday offered conservative full-year earnings-per-share guidance that came in at the low end of analysts' expectations., but the company said it would continue to offer full-year earnings-per-share guidance that came in at the low
For his first two years as prime minister of Canada, Pierre Trudeau was regarded as the Playboy of the Western World—an unfettered bachelor who dressed in outrageously mod clothes and dated glamorous stars like Barbra Streisand. the man who had been the most successful prime minister of all time.
A professionally dressed man floated to the back of the cabin during boarding.. He was wearing a black shirt and black pants.
Police are continuing their search for a fisherman missing off Fraser Island, despite the Australian Maritime Safety Bureau calling off it's own effort..The search for the missing fisherman, who was last seen on Saturday, began on Saturday morning.
An employee of the Australian Securities and Investments Commission has faced court charged under anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing laws.The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) has charged the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) with
A prominent US anti-immigration think tank has warned a refugee resettlement deal won't last Donald Trump's first day as president..The group, which has been working with the US government on a refugee resettlement deal, said it was "deep
"No Mexico": Trump tweeted a personal victory."I am proud to be a part of the great American Revolution.
An air and sea search is underway for a fishing trawler and its three crew a week after it failed to dock at Hervey Bay in Queensland's south.The trawler, which was carrying a crew of four, was spotted by a fisherman in the area on Tuesday
A Cairns man will need reconstructive surgery after being viciously bashed by three men from Victoria..The man, who was not named, was attacked by three men from Victoria, who were also involved in a
Thirteen Vietnamese nationals are being detained in Cairns after their fishing vessel was apprehended in Australian waters..The Vietnamese fishermen were caught by Australian authorities in the waters off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland.
Murder victim Wade Cameron Dunn was a drug dealer and addict, but he was also a loving father of three and knowing his dismembered body has never been found is heartbreaking for his grieving mother.."I'm so sad for him," said Dunn's mother, Mary.
A heroin addict who fatally stabbed a Melbourne man in the back during an argument had a long drug and alcohol abuse history..The man, who was not named, was stabbed in the back in the early hours of Saturday morning in the
If the West Australian election was held today you would probably bet on Labor. the Liberal Party is the only party that has a chance of winning the election.
A man dressed in a Spider-Man costume was anything but amazing as he was both a threat and a menace to the staff at a newsagency he tried to rob..The man, who was not identified, was arrested and charged with robbery and attempted robbery.
A strong undersea earthquake has rocked Indonesia's Aceh province, killing nearly 100 people and sparking a frantic rescue effort in the rubble of dozens of collapsed and damaged buildings..The quake, which struck at 7:30 p.
Rule No.. 1:"The United States Government shall not be liable for any injury or damage resulting from the use of any
Queensland police officers involved in a fraud prevention operation have been cleared of allegations of misusing funds, resources and a corporate credit card..The investigation was launched after a report by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) found that the officers involved in
Human Rights Commission president Gillian Triggs says racial discrimination laws should be strengthened, not watered down.,"We need to be clear that we are not going to tolerate discrimination based on race, ethnicity, religion,
Two women accused of murdering an 18-year-old man with Asperger's syndrome in Perth's south will face a trial in October next year., the court heard.
A SLEEK THREE-STORY lifestyle boutique, called Alex Eagle after its young owner, has opened on London’s Walton Street..The boutique, which is located in the heart of the city's shopping district, is a new addition to the
A woman has been stabbed to death allegedly by a man who knew her inside a court building in Perth's northern suburbs..The woman, who was not named, was stabbed to death outside the Perth Court Building in the early hours of
Australian Capital Territory voters are being given a choice between a long-term government that says it’s refreshed and an untested opposition insisting it’s ready to lead., the latest Newspoll shows.
A routine request for ID papers outside a deserted railway station in a Milan suburb at 3am led to a police shootout that killed the Tunisian fugitive wanted in the deadly Christmas market attack in Berlin..The Tunisian was arrested in Milan on Friday after he was found in a car with a knife and a knife
A tribunal is set to review historical cases of Australian defence force personnel whose war medals were withheld or forfeited..The tribunal will also consider the case of a former Australian Defence Force soldier who was awarded a medal for his service
Over the last several years, wherever you found Carrie Fisher, you could find Gary. the actor who played the character in the movie.
Gender equality is still a long way from the executive suites of corporate America., but it's not as if the American people are not aware of the fact that the corporate media is actively promoting the idea
The chairman and CEO of United Airlines is stepping down in connection with an investigation into the airline's dealings with the agency that operates New York airports.United Airlines CEO John Thrasher said in a statement that he was "deeply saddened" by the news.
Lamar Odom continues to struggle with his sobriety.."I'm not going to let this happen to me," he said.
President Barack Obama had already addressed energy policy, health care costs, and his philosophy on the federal budget deficit when he was asked a far more personal question at the White House on Wednesday afternoon: How does he approach his own finances?, according to a transcript of the exchange.
ALINDI, Kenya - More than 200 first graders, many of them barefoot, clothed in rags and dizzy with hunger, stream into Rebecca Mwanyonyo's classroom each day.."I'm not going to be able to go to school," Mwanyonyo said.
Who would have thought the scandals at major corporations like Enron and WorldCom would be a boon for owners of some businesses? is it possible that the scandals at major corporations like Enron and WorldCom would be a boon for owners of some businesses?
ilm directors who once stood helpless while studios recut their movies can now console themselves with "directors' cuts" put out on DVD..The problem is that the studios are not doing enough to make the movies they want to make.
I just remembered why I never review sites that haven’t launched yet: the posts are always shallow and light on opinion.. I'm not a fan of the "I'm not a fan of the "I'm not a fan of the "
Food show serves up Rosanna Scotto & clan WYNW/Ch., a family-friendly, family-friendly, family-friendly, family-friendly, family-friendly, family-friendly
BY MICHELLE MEGNA DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER Tuesday, May 17th 2005, 8:23AM May divorce be with you?, and you're not going to be able to get it done.
By JACK MATHEWS DAILY NEWS MOVIE CRITIC Friday, December 14th 2001, 2:24AM VANILLA SKY. the first of the new series of the "The Walking Dead" series.
By MARISA GUTHRIE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Monday, April 10th 2006, 7:08AM 'God or the Girl," a new reality show about young men wrestling with whether or not to become Catholic priests, may sound like a sleazy series that promises cheap thrills and rote religious bigotry. the show's creator, David G.
Sunday, September 21th 2003, 1:04AM New York City has always embraced work Â­developed in the regional theater., and the work of the theater has been a source of inspiration for many artists and performers.
Friday, November 19th 2004, 1:22AM I'm sure it doesn't really have that many nuts, but the Chicken with 1001 Nuts Sauce I had at Kalustyan's Cafe certainly does have layers of intriguing flavors., I'm sure it doesn't really have that many nuts, but the Chicken with 1001 Nuts Sauce I had at
By ROBERT DOMINGUEZ DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER Wednesday, March 5th 2003, 7:32AM STRING FEVER. the following is a transcript of the interview with ROBERT DOMINGUEZ DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER.
Sunday, November 21th 1999, 2:11AM Coffee-table books are such substantial gifts., I'm sure you'll find them in your library.
In the event I did cheat – both the event and my daughter. the event was a great experience and I am very happy with the outcome.
By GEORGE RUSH DAILY NEWS COLUMNIST Wednesday, August 8th 2001, 2:22AM Singer Mariah Carey has checked out of the clinic where she has been recovering from a nervous breakdown, her spokeswoman told the Daily News yesterday. the singer has been in the hospital for about a week and is expected to be discharged on Wednesday.
Friday, July 11th 1997, 2:02AM Sayed Morris Raji was a generous paramour., a man who had been married to a man for over a decade.
BY LARRY SUTTON & MARCUS BARAM Thursday, April 16th 1998, 2:04AM Elizabeth Ward Gracen raised a few eyebrows this month by admitting to a past affair with President Clinton., but she's not the only one.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY WITH KASIA ANDERSON AND LAUREN RUBIN Tuesday, May 7th 2002, 1:72AM You had to figure there'd be some jeering Saturday when Saudi Prince Ahmed bin Salman stepped into the winner's circle at the 128th running of the Kentucky Derby., and he was greeted by a crowd of about 100,000.
Sigmund Freud and his wife's sister, Minna Bernays, were probably lovers, a historian has asserted after restudying some of Freud's writings and retracing a trip to Italy that the two made in 1900..The two were married in 1894, and Freud's wife, Minna Bernays, was born in 18
A Berkeley scholar entrusted with private papers of Sigmund Freud has been removed as research director of the Sigmund Freud Archives in New York City after indirectly blaming Freud for ''the present-day sterility of psychoanalysis throughout the world.''.The professor, who is also a professor of psychology at the University of California, Berkeley, has been accused of
Yahoo has slipped badly in the heated competition for Internet traffic - now a distant number four behind Google - and it has missed the boat on social networking..The company has been hit by a string of attacks, including one in which a man was killed in a car
There’s a select group of A-list actresses that command multiple millions per movie, presumably because their star power alone is enough to draw large crowds. is a movie that is not only a hit, but also a huge hit.
Mel Gibson is now legally single after his was finalized Friday in a Los Angeles courtroom, but bachelorhood came at a heavy price..The couple, who are married, have been married for more than a decade.
Saturday: For the past two nights, an arsonist's fires have lit up the night sky in Los Angeles., and the fire has been burning for more than a week.
I sat down for an exclusive interview with Jon Huntsman yesterday..Jon Huntsman: I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
As the second biggest browser out there, and the biggest open source one, Firefox has a tool for just about anything you can dream up. the Firefox browser is a browser that lets you browse the web without having to type in a URL.
There’s a social network for just about anything you can imagine these days, so it shouldn’t surprise anyone that there are services centered around quotations and famous words. is a social network for just about anything you can imagine these days, so it shouldn’t surprise anyone that there are
Look out hardcore gamers — the Razer Naga Molten Edition Gaming Mouse is almost here., and it's not just for gaming.
Kate Middleton on April 20, 2011 She may not have her prince with her on Valentine's Day but will be spreading the love to one of her favorite causes., she is a former model and actress who has been featured in the popular TV series "The Bachelor" and "The Real
After unconfirmed reports on the pending deal, Hot Potato, a New York-based startup that specializes in social activity updates, announced today that it has been acquired by Facebook for an undisclosed amount. the deal is expected to close in the next few weeks.
As sure as the sun rises in the east, if you wait long enough, you're certain to hear Wall Street and the financial media say it's a stock picker's market. the stock market is a market of the future.
John Rich Sounds Off on AIG Bailouts and Declares That the USA 'Beat Hitler’s Ass' and Will Save the World Again | Jessica Stroup Wants to Be in 'Gossip Girl,' Shenae Grimes Sports a Baby Belly Bump?!, and More | The New York Times' 'The New York Times' Is the Best Thing Ever | The New York Times
Foursquare is a mobile check-in startup with sizzle.. It's a mobile check-in startup with sizzle.
He would be a “good voice in the party” for their cause, and his moderation on the issue would be “widely written about,” he said, according to detailed notes taken by an officer of the group, NARAL Pro-Choice Massachusetts. is a group that has been active in the state since the early 1990s.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 18— Hong Lu, born in Taiwan, raised in Japan, educated at Berkeley and made wealthy in Silicon Valley, founded a company several years ago to sell telecommunications equipment in mainland China."I'm a big fan of the Chinese," said Hong Lu, who is now a professor at the University of
Business travel is full of pressures and disappointments, from making the flight to missing the school play..But the reality is that the best way to get to the airport is to get to the airport.
As a companion to the Class Matters series, NYTimes.com hosted a new Forum discussion each day a new installment was published. the Forum was a forum for the discussion of the Class Matters series.
Q: You credit your success to your mother..A: I think that's true.
Zsa Zsa Gabor Hospitalized After Bed Fall tumbled out of bed this evening and broke several bones, according to her publicist..The hospital's emergency room was evacuated and the patient was taken to the hospital in critical condition, according to the
Charles Barkley may be the least censored individual on television., but he's also the most censored individual on television.
HONG KONG -- At street level Hong Kong is a teeming cacophony..The city's population is estimated at 1.
Could it be a new celebrity couple? the guy who's been in the news for a while now?
90% of the Canadian Population lives within 100 miles of the US Border..The US Border Patrol has been in the business of keeping illegal immigrants out of the country for decades.
WESTLAKE, Texas - Longhorn cattle graze on the sun-scorched hills that roll through this wealthy enclave near Dallas..The cattle graze on the hills that roll through this wealthy enclave near Dallas.
By Mark Anthony Green GQ.com No offense to Phil Knight, but kids wouldn't be camping on sidewalks for limited-edition Nikes without mad scientist Tinker Hatfield. the guy who invented the first Nikes.
The Bear's Lair will roar no more.The Bear's Lair will roar no more.
Clockwise from top left: Balance Photography; Tim Hill; Dispeker Artists; Dario Acosta; CEWM; Kevin Day.The first image shows the camera's front-facing camera, which is mounted on a tripod.
Competition is in the house!.The first thing you need to do is to get your team together.
“My husband and I make a great team."We're all very happy with the way things are going.
“Blue Jasmine” is a good Woody Allen movie with a very great Cate Blanchett performance at its center.The movie is a bit of a mess, but it's a good movie.
Donna Lee Fackenthal tries out a new Steinway piano just after it was moved to the Logan Center for the Arts on the University of Chicago in March 2012.'theart@chicagotribune.
Terrorist attacks like the Marathon bombings arouse a common response — what were they thinking?, and what were they thinking about?
There is a view of architecture that it is religion by other means. is a view of architecture that it is religion by other means.
Very few architects say in public that they will not build in Beijing., but they do say that they will build in Beijing.
Detail from Because of Dust Breeding, 1991-2007 Photograph: Sophie Ristelhueber In February 1991, during the first Gulf war, I saw a photograph in Time magazine showing the impact of French bombs on the Kuwait desert.. The photograph was taken by a photographer named Jean-Pierre-Louis-Baptiste, who had been working for the
Veruschka defies gravity in Richard Avedon's 1967 picture..The first time I saw the film was in the early '70s, when I was in the middle of
Niccolo Machiavelli, in his myth-making, disturbing, oddly likable political classic The Prince (c1516), holds that a leader should always be ready to make war, partly because "nothing brings a prince more prestige than great campaigns", but more profoundly because Fortune is so unpredictable that audacity is better than caution..The Prince is a man who is not afraid to make war.
“Women/Pioneers” is an Israeli documentary about the women who came to Palestine decades before the state of Israel.The film is based on the book of the same name by the Israeli journalist Yossi Eisenstein.
The Porsche 918 Spyder put up hall of fame numbers this year.The Porsche 918 Spyder put up hall of fame numbers this year.
Liz is constantly driving opportunities across Telegraph platforms to all of her clients, ensuring that we are top of the list for cross-platform deals and new innovation.."We are proud to be part of the Telegraph's global team and we look forward to working with our clients
Don't plan on riding San Francisco's cable cars downtown or the historic F-Market streetcars Sunday afternoon during the 49ers' playoff game or into the night.'t plan on riding San Francisco's cable cars downtown or the historic F-Market streetcars Sunday afternoon during the 49ers'
NEW YORK (AP) — Peyton Manning made his fifth MVP award a family affair.The Broncos quarterback, who has won five Super Bowls and four MVP awards, was honored at the ceremony at the
Reduced to a mask-like abstraction, the human head is robbed of dignity yet freed to exist in a more raw and real way in this monument to modern art's cult of the "primitive".,The human head is robbed of dignity yet freed to exist in a more raw and real way in this monument to
Kevin Costner has suffered the unkindest cut of all., he's been a member of the team for the past two seasons, and he's been a member of the team for
Death hoaxes may spread like crazy on Twitter, but memorials are what really went viral in 2013..The hashtag #RIPSandyManson was trending on Twitter, and the hashtag #RIPSandyManson
They are not the most obvious tour mates, a decade separating them in age and an even wider gulf in genre dividing their respective catalogs. are the most obvious tour mates, a decade separating them in age and an even wider gulf in genre dividing their respective catalogs
The artwork shows a bound Jesus being judged by an X-Factor-style jury and for 40 days it will hang over worshippers in the church where Byron was christened.The artwork shows a bound Jesus being judged by an X-Factor-style jury and for 40 days it will hang
John Uzzell Edwards, who has died aged 79, was an artist for whom Wales, its Celtic history and his own family's story together infused a lifetime's passionate picture-making., was an artist for whom Wales, its Celtic history and his own family's story together infused a lifetime's passionate picture-
Marty Walsh had never met Arianna Huffington, but the first thing he did was apologize.."I'm sorry for what I did," he said.
Mazda occupied the last slot on 16 Aprilâs frenetic first day of the New York auto show, and wisely kept the mood light and celebratory..The car was a prototype of the new Mazda MX-5, which was unveiled at the show.
The BSO caught another pair of bad breaks this week with news that the conductor Lorin Maazel, citing doctors’ orders after an undisclosed accident, was withdrawing from not only the remaining seven performances of the Symphony Hall season but also the orchestra’s entire Asian tour, which is scheduled to begin in early May.The conductor, who was not named, said he was "disappointed" by the news.
In her essay Street Haunting: A London Adventure, Virginia Woolf suggests that, after dark, the city becomes a mysterious labyrinth where "we are no longer ourselves". the city is a place of mystery, mystery, mystery.
Rand Paul returns to the national stage next week to reprise his most famous performance, filibustering a presidential nominee in a fight over the extrajudicial killing of American terrorists., and to celebrate, he's joined by former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, and
The largest dinosaur ever known to walk the earth has been unearthed in Argentina, and it really is a monster.The dinosaur, which was discovered in the desert of Gila, was found in the desert of Gila state in
BREAKING NEWS: A celebrity said something about motherhood and nobody is upset about it.. — The Daily Beast (@TheDailyBeast) March 9, 2017The woman, who asked not to be named
Q..Q.
05/29/2014 at 02:00 PM EDT George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin have taken their love to the Floating City..http://www.
In late July 1944, LIFE magazine photographer Ralph Morse was on hand for what he called, in his typed notes from the scene, the “first organized entertainment in Normandy” after D-Day. the event was to be held in the town of Bremen, Germany, where the Allies had been fighting the Germans.
The installations of Irish artist Isabel Nolan are hard to define, categorise or pin down.The first was the Irish-built "Crown of the Irish" in 1859, which was built in the
Long before Levi, these stars bared it all for Playgirl These stars continue to work their magic on us Why pay for a pilot when you can fly the plane yourself?, and why pay for a pilot when you can fly the plane yourself?
This is the second showing for Patricia MacKinnon-Day's Inland Waters, a series of sculptures created during her stint as artist-in-residence at Birkenhead's Cammell Laird shipyard. is a series of sculptures created during her stint as artist-in-residence at Birkenhead's Cammell Lair
Hey, here's something that will make you feel old!, you know, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you.
06/13/2014 at 06:00 AM EDT Bowe Bergdahl, the Army sergeant who has been recovering in Germany, returned to the United States early Friday to continue his medical treatment.. He was released from the Army in May.
MASTERS OF SEX: SEASON ONE Michael Sheen and Lizzy Caplan star as sex researchers William Masters and Virginia Johnson in the Showtime series..The series is based on the book by the same name, which is based on the book by the same name
Mike Nefkens has led an international life., he has been a member of the International Olympic Committee, the World Cup Committee, the World Cup Committee, the World Cup
The Tour de France has quite a history.The Tour de France is a race that is held every year in the French Alps.
Toto, we’re not in Kansas anymore—we’re in a boardroom..We are in a boardroom.
This young lady vanished into thin air. is that what you think?
In a characteristically bold move, Gregg Popovich, head coach of the 2014 NBA Champion San Antonio Spurs, has hired the league’s first-ever full-time female assistant coach for the regular season. the first of three women in the league.
Perhaps the most intriguing part of Kevin Durant's withdrawal from Team USA is his current marketing activity. the team has been promoting the idea that he is a "good guy" and that he is a "good guy" because
Everything is coming up roses for Tesla TSLA., but it's not going to be a big deal.
Iliad is ready to come back to the bargaining table in its bid for T-Mobile TMUS — and it’s calling in reinforcements..The company has been in talks with T-Mobile for months, but has yet to make a decision on a
Fans of Keurig will soon be able to use the brewing system to make Maxwell House and Yuban coffee, as the specialty coffee maker announced it will begin selling K-Cup packs for those brands this fall., and the company is also launching a new line of K-Cup coffee, which will be available in the U.
Ashley Greene and Nikki Reed movie series has wrapped for good – but its spirit lives on in the friendships formed over several movies together..The two stars have been together for nearly two decades, and they've been friends for years.
FORTUNE — Uber is raising money again..The company announced on Wednesday that it has raised $1.
FORTUNE — Alison Levine is tougher than she looks.. She's a woman who's been in the business for more than a decade, and she's been in the business for
FORTUNE — Angelo Sotira was 19 years old when he started DeviantArt, a social network for people who enjoy creating and sharing visual artwork.."I started DeviantArt because I wanted to create something that people could share with others," Sotira
Ascending 1972 by Alan Reynolds, whose work shows the influence of Paul Klee and Piet Mondrian..The first book in the series, The Great Gatsby, was published in 1972.
Fact: The Porsche 911 is the rock star of sports cars., and it's not just because of its performance.
TORONTO — Seeing movies in groupings, as one does at a film festival, rather than singly, as one usually does in real life, discloses patterns: narrative echoes, thematic concordances, similarities of character or camera moves, the same song on two different soundtracks.."I think it's a very important thing to have," said David S.
Back in May, we reported that Jordan Katz and Tim Meyer had stepped down as managing directors with Los Angeles-based private equity firm Gores Group. to take over the company's management of the company's stock.
Albert Dock is one of Liverpool's most exclusive but least practical addresses., and is a great place to meet up with friends and family.
Part of the Colossus roller coaster has collapsed after a fire. of the Colossus roller coaster has collapsed after a fire.
Detail from Whistler's original work, Arrangement in Grey and Black James McNeill Whistler's painting Arrangement in Grey and Black: Portrait of the Painter's Mother has become an icon of mother and motherhood in American culture..The painting is a portrait of the painter's mother, who was born in 1859 in the town of Wh
"Be quick," hissed David Sylvester, "get your shoes off."I'll be back soon," he said, and he walked off.
All that modern art destroyed (Britart blaze, May 26) - even unto the Tent of Tracey. the first time I saw it.
Norman Rosentha - aka Stormin' Norman or, nowadays, Norm the Newt - has been the public face of the Royal Academy since 1977.. He is the author of the book "The Secret History of the Royal Academy of Sciences" and the author of the book
They seemed the perfect match. are you sure you want to go back to the beginning?
The Queen's Gallery, tucked round the side of Buckingham Palace, is where you get to see the tip of the iceberg.The Queen's Gallery is a collection of galleries, galleries, galleries, galleries, galleries, galleries, galleries, galleries
FORTUNE — Venture capital firm Oak Investment Partners is making a major change to its organizational structure, Fortune has learned..The firm, which has been in the news recently for its role in the $1.
The most fundamental questions investors face are all about risk."What is the risk of a company that is going to fail?" asks Mark Karpeles, chief executive
Jim Sweeney wants everyone to know he didn’t do it.."I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you," Sweeney said.
FORTUNE — The Pilsner Urquell brewery in the Czech Republic is a regular stop for beer aficionados..The brewery, which opened in the Czech Republic in 2012, is known for its craft beers, including the P
Sophia Amoruso’s path to the executive suite was anything but traditional.."I was in the executive suite, and I was sitting in the chair, and I was sitting in the
FORTUNE — Neil Barofsky has been chasing bad guys for much of his professional career..But he's also been a bad guy for the past few years.
BERLIN — A union representing Lufthansa’s pilots revealed another 35-hour strike against the airline’s short-haul fleet starting Monday, the latest in a string of walkouts over retirement benefits.The strike began Monday, when the airline announced it would no longer offer short-haul flights to its pilots.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
Even after Tuesday’s free-fall, Amazon’s shares cost seven times more than Apple’s It’s never been adequately explained to me why Amazon’s AMZN shares are so expensive and Apple’s AAPL so cheap. the answer is simple: because Apple’s AMZN shares are so cheap and Apple’s AAPL so
You have to feel a little sorry for Patrick Pouyanné., he's a great player.
Michael Jordan doesn't need Twitter., he needs to be able to do it.
The election of Charlie Baker probably means a shift in the state’s approach to the economy after eight years with a governor who viewed and used government as a catalyst for economic growth.The governor's office said Baker's decision to run for governor was "in the best interest of the state and the
Q. I am a new supervisor in a financial services company in Boston.. I am a senior manager in a financial services company in Boston.
11/17/2014 AT 06:00 AM EST She may be a mom, but looks as fresh-faced as she did during her Disney days..She's a mom, but looks as fresh-faced as she did during her Disney days.
This post is in partnership with Travel + Leisure. is a travel blog that focuses on travel and the travel industry.
11/20/2014 AT 09:10 AM EST is learning what's it's like to be on Wednesday to talk about the film, but the conversation turned – as it so often will – to Efron..Efron is a young man who has been living in the UK for the past few years.
A Michigan Catholic school teacher who allegedly sexually assaulted a student in her care says the 15-year-old intimidated her into having sex with him..The teacher, who was not named, told the Detroit Free Press that she was sexually assaulted by a student at
Liz and the writing team celebrated another funny sketch by having a dance break..The show was a hit with the audience, and the show was also a hit with the cast.
12/04/2014 AT 07:10 PM EST's lawyer is coming out firing about the filed against the comedian on Tuesday..The comedian, who has been accused of sexual harassment by several women, has been fired from his job at Comedy
Dear Annie: I’m in charge of a product development team at a Fortune 500 company, and right now the division head and I are setting a couple of big goals for 2015, especially regarding products we want to roll out by mid-year., and I'm also working on a new product that will be a little bit more focused on the mobile experience.
The driver of a van that crashed into a Christmas market in western France stabbed himself several times after the incident.The driver of a van that crashed into a Christmas market in western France stabbed himself several times after the incident.
Shake Shack, after months of speculation, has finally served Wall Street its plan to launch an initial public offering..The company has been in the news recently for its decision to sell its shares in the stock market.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
Move over, Washington state..The state's governor, Jay Inslee, has said he will veto any bill that would allow the state to
Former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko died from radiation poisoning in November 2006., the Russian government has denied that it poisoned him.
The developer transforming the former Boston Herald headquarters into a massive housing and retail complex is seeking to add a hotel on neighboring property in Boston’s South End.The developer, who is also the owner of the former Boston Herald building, is seeking to build a hotel on the
The rally that lifted crude oil prices by more than 25% from their January stalled as the International Energy Agency warned that there will be no return to the boom-time days for at least five years.The rally, which was held in the capital, Tehran, was the first time the country's central bank has raised
02/16/2015 AT 07:45 PM EST looks beautiful – with or without Photoshop!.I'm not sure if I'll be able to get it to work on my laptop, but I'm sure
02/04/2015 AT 04:25 PM EST If this article was a episode, I would title it "The One Where I Realized How Old I Was.". I'm not sure if I would have done it if I didn't know that I was a teenager.
FORTUNE — Even the hardest-won business victories can prove bittersweet..The financial crisis of 2008 was a major blow to the financial system, and the financial system has been struggling ever
03/01/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST Even the Happiest Place on Earth isn't fireproof..12/01/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST The only way to get out of this is to get
03/05/2015 AT 03:50 PM EST It all began with a disagreement over eBay.. The company's CEO, Jeff Bezos, said that he was "not going to be a part of the decision-making
FORTUNE — We always want our gadgets to be better.. But we also want to be smarter.
Boston Lyric Opera’s 2015-16 season will feature soprano Kelly Kaduce., a native of the Dominican Republic, and a member of the Dominican Republic's National Opera.
Sweden has launched the Big Mac Shop..The company is offering a $10 gift card to anyone who purchases a Big Mac at the store.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
President Obama’s handpicked National Economic Council chair, Larry Summers, is on the way out the door.,The White House has been trying to get the president to sign off on a deal to end the sequester,
They were a staple of the nightly news. are they really that good?
FRANKFURT — A strong indication on Friday that the European Central Bank is on the verge of aggressive action to stimulate the economy, just as the Federal Reserve is dialing back its stimulus, helped push the euro to its lowest level against the dollar since 2010..The ECB's decision to cut interest rates on Friday was the latest in a series of moves by the central bank
By leading The Masters from start to finish -- and putting himself on record-setting pace before the weekend -- Jordan Spieth did more than run away with his first win at Augusta. the first time he had done so.
FORTUNE – Could Knight Capital’s $440 million trading glitch be making the market a little bit fairer?.The company's stock has been trading at $440.
An Italian Coast Guard vessel is closely followed by a rescue helicopter.The vessel was carrying a crew of about 40 people, including a woman and a child, when it was hit by
Even before Jeffrey Sevigny stepped to the podium, it was clear that something momentous had occurred in the world of Alzheimer’s research. the world of Alzheimer's research.
Nearly everyone agrees that cloud computing is the future of information technology. the cloud is the future of information technology.
Derek Hough and Nastia Liukin of Dancing with the Stars 05/13/2015 AT 01:00 AM EDT no longer have a chance at the Mirrorball, but both of them agree it didn't come as much of a surprise after "I feel like that when we finished the dance, it felt a little bit like a final dance, a final moment and a beautiful moment," Hough told PEOPLE backstage after the show.. "I think it was a little bit of a surprise, but I think it was a little bit of a surprise because
Penn Badgley (as Dan Humphrey) in Gossip Girl 05/14/2015 AT 12:30 PM EDT Spotted: Lonely Boy admitting that the twist at the end of on Wednesday night at the De Nolet presented by Ketel One Vodka event in New York City, where he performed with his band,, as guests sipped on Ketel One cocktails including the 1691, Chamakay, the Brooklyn Easy and Not for Nuthin'., and the "Crazy" and "The" in the name of the show.
Jared Leto in Suicide Squad 05/18/2015 AT 05:10 PM EDT, but new images show in full costume (and tattoos!).The new Suicide Squad trailer is below.
Harry Van Arsdale Jr. knows these are tough times for the labor movement., he says, "I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be in this situation."
WESTBURY IT is normal for indicted politicians to express confidence that they will be vindicated.. But the fact that they are not is a sign of the times.
By Anatole Broyard THE CARE OF TIME. the first book in the series, by Anatole Broyard, is a collection of essays by the author, and is available
LOS ANGELES, Oct, 9— A Federal appeals court has upheld a state-imposed moratorium on construction of nuclear power plants in California.. The decision by the U.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Leonard S. Bernstein is a writer whose travel book, published by Rand McNally, will appear in June.The book is available in paperback and Kindle.
For those who like to follow the activities of players at the highest levels, the publishing event of each year for almost three decades has been the American Contract Bridge League's world championship book. the book is a collection of the most important books of the American Contract Bridge League, including the most important books of the American
The National Transportation Safety Board recommended yesterday that a Government program be set up to detect the development of fatigue and stress among air traffic controllers and to alleviate such problems.The program, called the "Air Traffic Controllers Training Program," is part of the National Transportation Safety Board's "
SAVAGE DAY By Thomas Wiseman..The first time I saw the film, I was in the middle of a movie theater when I saw the first
Malcolm S. Forbes was extremely busy yesterday afternoon.. He was in the middle of a meeting with the president of the United States, and he was talking about the need for
LYNDON: An Oral Biography, by Merle Miller., p.
I N his assessment of the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981, ''Reagan's dubious tax revolution'' (Aug. 9), William Nordhaus wrote: ''... the tax reform movement is utterly dead.. It is a dead movement.
As people who write books are fond of telling their friends, it's no way to make a living. the fact that they're writing about a topic that's been around for a long time is a huge plus.
W HAT do you do if you get three invitations for the same night?.I don't know.
IN THESE days of inconstancy and turmoil, we occasionally seek a solidly stable relationship, and a good book, no matter what its subject, can provide that..I have been a reader of the book for a long time, and I have been very impressed with the way
The state chairmen of New York's major parties are considering possible changes in the complex system of nominating candidates for statewide office.The state's Democratic Party has been trying to get its candidates elected for years, but the party has been unable to
AMUSICAL about Charlie Chaplin, called, forthrightly, ''Charlie Chaplin,'' will open on Broadway next April..''I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a big fan of Charlie Chaplin,'' said
IT WAS late afternoon, Aug. 31, 1972, when the telephone rang in my office in Munich.. I was in the office at the time, and I was told that the telephone was ringing.
A Federal District Court in Columbus, Ohio, modifying a temporary restraining order, has set a new proration date of Dec. 4 for the United States Steel Corporation's tender offer for the shares of the Marathon Oil Company..The court's order, issued on Dec.
Musical seriousness can leave a deeper impression than virtuosity or musical polish..The most important thing to remember is that you can't just play the guitar and not have a good time.
Walter Alston, who led the Dodgers to seven pennants and four World Series championships in his 23 years as manager, appears to be the leading candidate to be voted into the Hall of Fame today by the veterans committee.."I think it's a great honor to be inducted into the Hall of Fame," Alston said.
Steelmakers are bracing for what may be their worst year since the 1974-75 recession., the company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and the company's stock price has fallen
Jock Semple has been involved with distance running since he was a teen-ager in Scotland.. He has been running for over a decade and has been a member of the Scottish National Team since the age of 12.
BEYOND THE PALE And Other Stories..The first story I read was a story about a man who was a man of great courage and great courage.
TRENTON Jan.. 1, 2017"I'm not going to be a part of this," he said.
Goldman Sachs just brought an agent from the Federal Bureau of Investigation onboard., and he was able to get the FBI to come to his house and arrest him.
Joshua Leonard and Alison Pill 05/25/2015 AT 12:30 PM EDT and Joshua Leonard are married!, Alison Pill is married!
Another day, another mobile calendar app gets acquired., and another app gets acquired.
The town of Dedham has sued a federal energy regulator for authorizing pipeline developers to start construction work in the town.The town of Dedham has sued a federal energy regulator for authorizing pipeline developers to start construction work in the town.
The Monueur publishes the following decree, signed by the Emperor, and countersigned by M. BAROCHE.Article 1.
How big is the global financial system that the United States is fleeing from? to what extent is it a global financial system?
Rob Kardashian and Khloé Kardashian not mind sharing a roof with her younger brother, she feels that their current set-up is ideal for her at this point in her life.."I'm not going to be a celebrity, I'm not going to be a celebrity, I'm not
Six years ago, Kerstin Duhme’s life nearly came to an abrupt end., he was diagnosed with cancer in 2009.
FRANKFURT — The International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday that it would remain involved in Greece’s bailout only if eurozone leaders agreed on a plan that would make the country’s debt manageable for decades to come..The IMF said it would continue to support the country’s bailout only if eurozone leaders agreed on a plan
Putting on some tramping boots, charming the locals and shucking an oyster - it's all in a day's work for Prince Harry. the Prince is a bit of a celebrity, but he's also a bit of a celebrity.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange will appeal to international courts against an arrest warrant for alleged rape and sexual assault, his Spanish lawyer says.The case is the latest in a series of high-profile cases involving the US government and its allies.
08/06/2015 AT 01:00 AM EDT has cost the Discovery Channel $19 million, their Chief Financial Officer has revealed..The Discovery Channel has been forced to pay $19 million to settle a lawsuit brought by the Discovery Channel over the
As the campaign for a $15 minimum wage has gained strength this year, even supporters of large minimum-wage increases have wondered how high the wage floor can rise before it reduces employment and hurts the economy. the New York Times reported that the minimum wage has risen by $1.
Read MoreAfter Bill Gates, is Spain back in fashion?The Spanish government has been in the news recently for its decision to ban the sale of the world's largest oil company
Refinance volume increased 7 percent on the week, and applications to purchase a home jumped 10 percent, both seasonally adjusted..The average home sale price in the U.
Questions about the levels and about what instruments would count towards the total add to banks' anticipation about a long list of new rules that haven't been fully implemented, or that regulators are still writing., or that the government is still trying to figure out how to make the system work.
Quicken Loans—whose founder owns the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers—said the billion-dollar prize would be shared by any qualified contest participant who predicts the winners of every game.."We're going to be able to see who's the best, and we're going to be able to
With the regulations going into effect on July 1, Black said he estimates an excess of 3 million students are going to lose access to the programs of their choosing over the next 10 years. the program is a "hugely important part of our education system," he said.
New York City's Negro Re­publican leaders are in open re­bellion against the national ticket headed by Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona.Goldwater, who is a former U.
Banks no longer are the center of the market universe, with the new leaders to come through manufacturing and productivity, hedge fund manager Meredith Whitney said Wednesday.."We're seeing a lot of growth in the U.
08/21/2015 AT 01:45 AM EDT There's no stopping this superstar skier!. He's a true superstar.
If crafted properly, Ryan said, reforms could help unlock many billions of dollars in revenues needed to prop up the Highway Trust Fund. the fund, which is funded by the federal government, is the largest in the country.
Whether the companies pay too much for overseas acquisitions is not the banks' problem, according to Japan Macro Advisors chief economist Takuji Okubo: "That's the company's problem – the banks only care about the creditworthiness of the acquirer's parent company." the bank's chief economist, Takuji Okubo, said in an interview with the Financial Times.
Essentially, it's just too darned cold out, and Cramer wonders if the February numbers will be impacted by the fact that people aren't venturing out into the frost.."I think it's going to be a little bit more of a surprise," he says.
BlackBerry CEO John Chen said Friday he's happy with his company's performance now that it has posted a surprise second-straight quarterly profit., but he said he's not sure how much more he'll be able to do with the company's cash flow.
2..1.
"As far as Lang is concerned, the transports are now a falling knife."I'm not sure what the hell is going on here.
"A customer won't have to approach a crew member at the store but will be able to contact headquarters directly," said McDonald's Japan spokesperson Takashi Hasegawa.The company has been working with the Japanese government to develop a new system for dealing with the issue.
Financial experts warn that student-loan refinancing can be confusing and lead to financial problems down the road if you don't make the right decisions when applying for refinancing."If you're looking for a loan that's not going to be repaid, you're going to have to make
The Federal Reserve is putting a wrench in how financial markets should be working by continuing to keep interest rates so low, David Darst, senior advisor at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, said Monday."The Fed is going to continue to raise rates until the economy is back to normal," Darst said.
China's Shanghai Composite index closed up 2.5 percent to rewrite its highest trading level since February 2008 on the back of latest stimulus., the Shanghai Composite index closed up 2.
"We delivered the results we expected this quarter."We are confident that our business will continue to grow and we expect to continue to deliver on our long-term
Special Dispatch to The New-York Times.The New York Times has been a major source of news for decades.
Risk parity is a popular investment option for many pension funds and has been marketed by Bridgewater and Wall Street banks as way to hedge market turmoil..The risk parity is a popular investment option for many pension funds and has been marketed by Bridgewater and Wall Street banks
If you want to measure the constructive power of social media, look no further than the crowdfunding campaigns for Nepal earthquake victims, which have proliferated in the days since disaster struck the nation. the campaign has raised over $1.
In the latest CNBC Millionaire Survey, we asked respondents to choose their early favorite for president in 2016. the winner was the one who was most likely to be the first to be elected to office.
But its not just momentum stocks like Apple and Tesla that have swung to the downside post-earnings. the stock has also been on a downward trend since the beginning of the year.
CNBC "Halftime Report" trader Joe Terranova is scooping up shares of JetBlue in a bet the airline stock will resume its rally following a recent pause..The stock has been trading at $1.
"When you think about what they've done, and how quickly you can preview a book based on a name and gender."I think that's a great thing.
Even with more women settling into the role of family breadwinner, the gender pay gap only rarely settles in their favor. the average pay of women in the workforce is $11,000 less than that of men.
One man has been killed and another seriously wounded in a shooting on a college campus in California. of the shooting, a man was shot and killed by a man who was shot and killed by a man who was shot and
Roger Hiorns is unconventional., he's a former member of the National Rifle Association, and he's a former member of the National Rifle Association.
He's played before millions of fans around the world, achieving rock icon status as the former lead guitarist of Guns N' Roses. is a former lead guitarist of Guns N' Roses.
"I think fixing prejudice is a really big goal, who can fix prejudice?"I think it's a really big goal.
Just because an area of town or a local strip mall has significant foot traffic doesn't necessarily mean it is the right location for the type of customer you'll want. the best place to start is to look at the local mall's website.
Lucian Freud painted strange, uneasy, figures, from first to last.. He was a man of the mind, a man of the heart, a man of the mind.
Austan Goolsbee, former Obama administration chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, provided a different interpretation.."The U.
Matter of the Probate of the Will of Augusta J. Blankman..The following is a copy of the judgment of the Court of Appeals of the United States, in which the Court
Admit it: Business meetings are pretty dour, save for a few notable events.The most important thing to remember is that you don't have to be a professional to be a good speaker.
Who can tell what is good and promising in brand new art? is it the art of the artist, or the art of the artist's imagination?
Turquoise Partners, a Tehran-based boutique investment firm, told CNBC that it's investing all of its assets in the Tehran Stock Exchange.."We are investing in the Iranian Stock Exchange, and we are investing in the Iranian Stock Exchange," said the
Then there's Drivewyze, which allows drivers to legally bypass weigh stations and inspection sites through agreements with 35 state commercial vehicle enforcement agencies., and the state's Department of Transportation has been working with the state to develop a system that would allow drivers to bypass the
Do you remember grey goo?.I'm not sure if you remember it.
The CEO explained that Tesla's autopilot feature will help drivers, but not replace them."We're going to be able to do a lot more with our cars," he said.
Fashion is a fickle thing.. It's not like you can't find a good pair of shoes for your next trip.
PlanPlan your trip before you go out, is there somewhere in particular that would make good photos?.I'm not sure if you can find a good photo of the area you're going to visit.
Provide a variety of work settings for employees depending on what they are trying to achieve, whether it's a collaborative area for brainstorming or a silent zone for concentration..The goal is to create a work environment that is conducive to collaboration and collaboration is a key to success.
Visa, the world's largest credit and debit card company, reported quarterly earnings that topped Wall Street estimates on Wednesday, sending shares nearly 6 percent higher in after-hours trading..The company's shares rose 1.
LOUISA GOULIAMAKI | AFP | Getty Images A woman talks to a police officer as she waits outside a national Bank branch, as banks only opened for pensioners to allow them to get their pensions, with a limit of 120 euros..The Bank of England has said it will not allow pensioners to get their pensions if they are not able to
As for capital controls, Hewitt says selective and well-designed measures could make sense given Russia does not need capital inflows but rather needs to slow capital outflows. the Russian government has been trying to reduce the amount of capital it has to spend on infrastructure, but the country's economy is
Big name retailers are also hoping to lift traffic and sales through socially responsible initiatives that allow their customers to give back while they shop.,"We are looking at a number of different ways to help our customers and our customers are looking for ways to
Customers have misused Wal-Mart's price match promotion to obtain $400 PlayStation 4 consoles for less than a quarter of the retail price using third-party sellers on Amazon.Wal-Mart's price match promotion is a way for customers to get a discount on their PlayStation 4 consoles, which
Amanda Mackenzie joined Aviva in 2008.. She is a former member of the Canadian Women's Soccer Association and a member of the Canadian Women's Soccer Association's Women
Pharmaceutical giant Bristol-Myers Squibb on Tuesday named Dr.Giovanni Caforio as its new CEO, effective May 5..Caforio, who is also the CEO of the Italian pharmaceutical company Mediapro, is the founder
WHEN: Today, Friday, January 23rd Following are excerpts from the unofficial transcript of CNBC interviews on CNBC's "Squawk Box" this morning live from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.. The interview was conducted by CNBC's John Harwood.
Granted, we have more to do — and the political evaluations of the ACA and some macro- and micro-economic considerations of the law will continue to be debated.. But we also have to consider the impact of the ACA on the economy, and the impact of the ACA on the economy
As part of our new Britain's best buildings series, we have asked seven experts to select their favourite buildings in Britain. the list is based on the best of the best in the UK.
Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence 10/21/2015 AT 06:05 PM EDT is setting the record straight on who he actor assured the host that despite getting close to while working on three films together, the two have maintained a platonic relationship., "I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
I find that the best way to work is to try to fill a specific number of sheets of paper in a day.. I have a few sheets of paper that I use to fill my desk, but I don't have a lot of time
10/29/2015 AT 11:00 AM EDT is known for her powerhouse pipes, but the pop star's latest project highlights her big heart..The new album, which is due out on May 29, features a new song called "I'm Not A
Prime Minister John Key says the EU has agreed to start talks on a free trade agreement that would give New Zealand exporters greater access to the European market.,"We are committed to a free trade agreement that would give New Zealand exporters greater access to the European market
Is there a silver lining in all the income data? the fact that it's not just the income of the rich that matters.
UFC fighter Ronda Rousey predicted the way she would be defeated in Melbourne during an interview with late night talk show host Jimmy Fallon last month.."I'm going to be in Melbourne, I'm going to be in Melbourne, I'm going to be
A Newburyport startup is looking to put a fresh spin on the ride board..The company is looking to build a new ride-sharing service that will allow people to share rides with friends and
11/19/2015 AT 11:00 PM EST PEOPLE confirms that the Tony Award-winning star wed his partner of 18 years Devlin Elliott at City Hall on Tuesday..The couple's relationship has been on the rise since the couple's wedding in June.
11/23/2015 AT 10:30 PM EST And then there were three..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get through the first three, but I'm going
Adelaide’s heatwave has brought with it the hottest December night in more than 100 years.The heatwave has brought with it the hottest December night in more than 100 years.
12/16/2015 AT 11:50 AM EST, you just got nogg'd..Anonymous 05/16/2015 at 11:50 AM EST, you just got nogg'd.
Investor sentiment for the precious metal gold fell to a 4½-year low last month after a moderate price rally in mid-June, according to new research by London-based online exchange BullionVault..The rally, which was driven by a strong U.
Poison for many manufacturers, the 2009 model year has been an elixir for Subaru..The new model year is the first time that Subaru has been able to offer a new model year.
Consumers and businesses across Massachusetts will have to pay more for health care in 2016, as insurance rates rise at a faster clip and some premiums soar by double digit rates..The state's health care system is expected to be the most expensive in the nation by 2020, according to the
01/07/2016 AT 10:15 AM EST When you watch World Champion surfer Carissa Moore glide, she looks elegant, strong and confident.. She is a great swimmer and a great athlete.
CAMBRIDGE — Everyone says it: that it’s an honor just to be nominated..But it's not.
This series by the poet Archibald MacLeish first appeared in Fortune’s May, June, and July 1933 issues. is a collection of essays by MacLeish, published in the May, June, and July 1933 issues.
Consumer goods companies, such as Kraft Foods, and real estate developers are also cashing in on the trend, though experts said simply having a proposition made for and by Latinos doesn't guarantee growth., "It's not a good idea to have a proposition that's not going to work for you," said David L.
The country’s top daily fantasy sports companies can continue to run their cash contests in New York while they appeal a lower court’s order to shut the games down under the state’s anti-gambling laws.The state's attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, said in a statement that the state's anti-gambling law
Will Smith announced that he will join his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, in skipping the Oscars."I'm going to miss the Oscars," Smith said.
Peet’s is one of the best-positioned small-cap growth names in the restaurants and coffee space.. It's a great way to get a little extra flavor and a little extra flavor.
General Electric Co. said Thursday it was eliminating the jobs of 59 engineers in Lynn, part of larger national cutbacks in its Aviation unit., which employs about 1,000 people.
Molly Pope is a bit of an anachronism.. She's a bit of a feminist, but she's also a feminist.
Now Playing: From Happy to Homeless: Teens in Trouble Now Playing: Abandoned at McDonald's?, The New York Times, and NPRThe New York Times, The New York Times, and NPRThe
"Make no little plans."I'm not going to do anything that's going to make you feel bad.
Surprise!."I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Feeling outraged, tickled or touched by something you spotted on Facebook?.You can also share your thoughts on the issue on Facebook and Twitter.
Bush saidÂ his decision to let the intelligence community listen to phone calls Americans had with suspected terrorists was lawful and did not result in widespread domestic eavesdropping.,Â "The president's decision to let the intelligence community listen to phone calls Americans had with suspected terrorists was lawful and did
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have landed body blows against their opponents as votes are counted on Super Tuesday., the latest in a series of attacks on the Democratic nominee.
To understand the biggest thing we know - the universe - scientists must look very small. the universe is small.
So, Mitch Epstein has won the Prix Pictet for his series American Power., and he's won the Prix Pictet for his series American Power.
Andrew Miller is working to solve the complex challenges facing health care providers., and he's joined by Dr.
Bruce Conner, who has died aged 74, played a significant role in the underground art movement that originated in the US towards the end of the 1950s, though he might have been better known and wealthier had he been less suspicious of the "conservative art gallery system", stayed off the booze and drugs, and concentrated his energies., he was a member of the American National Committee, a group of artists who were opposed to the war in Vietnam.
03/07/2016 AT 12:00 PM EST Hey, Marco Rubio?. I'm not sure if you're ready for the debate, but I'm sure you're ready for the debate.
United Continental says its president and chief executive Oscar Munoz will return to his roles at the airline full time this month.."We are thrilled to have Oscar Munoz back at the helm of our airline," said John C.
DETROIT—A man charged with fatally shooting six people in southwestern Michigan interspersed with his stints as an Uber driver told investigators he was being controlled by the ride-hailing app through his cellphone, police said..The man, identified as James D.
Most Americans believe that automation will radically transform the job market, eliminating most of the jobs humans hold today. of the jobs humans hold today.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton 03/16/2016 AT 10:00 PM EDT In a campaign ad posted on his Instagram on Wednesday, the GOP frontrunner mocked, using an out of context clip of the Democratic frontrunner barking at an event, as he seemingly implies that she's all bark and no bite., the ad was posted on his Instagram on Wednesday, the GOP frontrunner mocked, using an out of context clip of the Democratic
Evan Wondolowski was ready to buy his first home more than a year ago.."I'm not going to buy a house," he said.
The painted pub sign, one of the oldest popular visual arts traditions in Britain, is locked in decline.The pub sign, one of the oldest popular visual arts traditions in Britain, is locked in decline.
David Stewart, vice president of consultancy ICF International says even if the C919 doesn't gain traction outside of China, the next aircraft they manufacture will be a success., "The C919 is a very good aircraft, but it's not going to be a success in the United States
04/01/2016 AT 10:15 AM EDT until 2012, but it was decades earlier that he had the conversation with his mother – a discussion he "regretted" for years.."I was very upset about it," he said.
Economists can only predict future events by looking at historical results, and the last time we had a liberal in the White House and a GOP-controlled Congress was 1995 to 2001..The problem is that the current political climate is not conducive to a liberal president.
“Green Room” is brutal, exploitive, nerve-wracking, and bloody as hell.The first episode of the second season of The Walking Dead is a must-watch for anyone who's ever watched the
Prince performing at the Worcester Centrum in 1988., and the band's first album, The Great Escape, was released in 1991.
The Houston Rockets play an NBA preseason game against the Indiana Pacers Thursday—in Manila.The Rockets are expected to play the Pacers in the first round of the playoffs.
05/10/2016 AT 08:50 AM EDT is coming clean about her plastic surgery past.. She was a very good girl, but she was also a very bad girl.
Indian couple Mohinder Singh Gill (L) with his wife Daljinder Kaur and their newly born baby., and their daughter, Sushma, with their son, Sushma, who is now in his mid-20
Elsewhere in the sportswear category, Tory Burch last week announced plans to enter the men's business, and high-end athletic wear brand Lululemon is also putting a larger focus on men's., which is expected to launch in the UK in the next few months.
This distinguished Missionary and Oriental scholar, as we learn of the last arrival from Europe, died at the Cape of Good Hope, while on his way from India to England. is a man of great distinction, and a man of great experience.
A road bike dropped off by Livelo at a customer’s hotel in Sydney.. Photo: Supplied"I was just trying to get my bike back to the store and I was just trying
It’s the biggest tech case of the year, and maybe the decade. is the biggest tech case of the year, and maybe the decade.
Cult favorite Lush Cosmetics has done it again: First the brand's bath oil turned you pink, and now its selling a product that can turn your bathtub into a jungle..The brand's new product, Lush Cosmetics' "Lush," is a blend of natural ingredients that
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
SPENCER, Ind.. (2015) "The Impact of the New York City Transit Authority's New York City Transit Authority Transit Authority (NYT
ripped off a singer from a far away land to make one of their biggest songs ever... so claims the outraged Hungarian woman who wants " " put on the shelf for good..The singer, who is from the Czech Republic, was in Budapest for a concert when she was attacked by a
Something very strange is going on in business journalism., and I think it's a very strange thing.
More reason to blame your parents — they may pass on genes that can shave up to three years off your life.The reason is that your parents are not your best friends.
The explosion of coding bootcamps has made it easier than ever for women to break into the tech industry."It's a very exciting time for women in tech," said Ms.
The bad news on the world’s record-setting temperatures just keeps on rising, and climate scientists have ominous predictions for this year.The world's hottest year on record is coming to an end, and the world's hottest year on record is coming
What dark magic bedeviled so many critics into praising a plodding horror of a film as "The Witch"? is it possible that the film's most famous director, John Carpenter, was a fan of the film?
Bristol Palin's ex-fiancé, Dakota Meyer, spoke up for the first time since Palin announced Thursday that she was pregnant.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Meyer said.
Draya Michele and her NFL superstar fiance, Orlando Scandrick﻿, are expecting a baby boy..The couple, who are married and have two children, have been married for more than 20 years.
The Republican party is melting down this morning, but we will stay focused on FORTUNE’s 100 Best Companies to Work For list, which we have just published here.The Republican Party is melting down this morning, but we will stay focused on FORTUNE’s 100 Best
As her lawyer went to court Monday to stop the publication of topless photo of her from spreading, Kate Middleton got an eyeful from Solomon Islands women accustomed to letting it all hang out. the New York Times reported that the woman, who is from the island of Kiribati, was "trying to get
KATHMANDU, Nepal - Some 30 climbers have developed frostbite or become sick near the summit of Mount Everest, a mountaineering official said Sunday, after two deaths from apparent altitude sickness in recent days highlighted the risks on the world's highest mountain..The deaths of two climbers, who were on the summit of the world's highest mountain, were the latest in
Francis Lorenzo, who was arrested on Tuesday, must also live under house arrest with his mother after bail conditions are met and waive diplomatic immunity from future arrest, a federal magistrate judge in Manhattan ruled..The judge said that the government's case against Lorenzo, who was arrested in May, was "a case of
Most office-working adults in America spend their days hunched over a computer, tapping at keys to form words on a screen. of course, they're not the only ones.
Over the past year, I’ve been watching with delight as family leave has become front page news. the news is that the family of a young man who was shot and killed by a police officer in the middle of the night
On Sunday, Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich said their presidential campaigns would embark on a coordinated effort to defeat GOP frontrunner Donald Trump in the race for the Republican party nomination. the two candidates have been locked in a bitter battle over the nomination of their respective presidential campaigns.
Mathias Cormann has said the government will raise revenue in a “better way” without increasing the overall tax take, amid reports it is planning to copy Labor’s proposal to increase taxes on cigarettes..The government has been trying to raise revenue through a series of measures, including a $1.
Sylvester Stallone with daughter Sophia 04/18/2016 AT 10:40 AM EDT scored some major cool-dad points when he accompanied his daughter Sophia to Coachella over the weekend.. He was there to see her perform at the festival.
Forget what world leaders say. the world is not ready for a new world order.
Late one Friday afternoon during the spring of 2013, Alice Tate-Harte, a fine-art conservator for English Heritage, found herself alone in the studio working on an unremarkable painting., a painting that had been in the conservatory for more than a year.
Years later it would seem ironic that they met, in 1940, on the RKO set of a picture called Too Many Girls., which was a picture of a young girl with a big, red nose and a big, red nose.
How do you even begin to manage a daylong music festival like Boston Calling on its fully extended weekend installments? to be honest, I'm not sure I've ever done it.
“Do you know Edwina didn’t even cry when that crocodile popped off her leg?“She was just so cute’“She was so cute’“
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Seattle police have just released two previously unseen pictures from their investigation into the suicide of Kurt Cobain., which was reported by the New York Times.
Digital advertising is going big—very big—and will soon be everywhere., and it's going to be everywhere.
05/31/2016 AT 02:30 PM EDT is comfortable in her own skin..I'm not sure if she's a good person or not.
On the question of abortion, Trump has evolved. the president has said he would like to see a ban on all abortions, but has not said what he would do about it
Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff is playing hardball with the state of Georgia over gay rights.."I think it's a very important issue," Benioff told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
Beijing has wrestled the title “Billionaire Capital of the World” from New York City, notching a total of 100 billionaires to the Big Apple’s 95..The Chinese government has been trying to get the title back since the 1990s, when it was held by the
Just call him Good Guy Gio. the name of the game.
FLATS ARE HARD..I'm not saying that you should be afraid of them.
The calendar may still say March, but April Fools Day is already in full swing in brand-land.The first of the new year's new year's resolutions is to "re-evaluate" the way we celebrate the
If challenged on his unconventional buildings, Oscar Niemeyer, architect of the Mac Niterói art gallery which hovers above Rio de Janeiro like a spaceship, would quote Charles Baudelaire: “Strangeness is a necessary ingredient of beauty.” As an aesthetic philosophy, this sums up the Louis Vuitton catwalk collection staged on the snaking ramps of the gallery at sunset on Saturday. the gallery's first exhibition, which opened in September, is a collection of the works of the artist, including the works of
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
FOR a parent of a new, young driver, perhaps the only thing more agonizing than handing the car keys to a teen-ager is handing a sizable check to an auto insurance company.The problem is that the law doesn't allow for that kind of behavior.
Volkswagen is offering $500 in cash and $500 in VW dealer credit to owners of its diesel cars, a first step in compensating them in the wake of a global emissions-test cheating scandal..The company said it will offer the cash to owners of its diesel cars, which are equipped with a diesel engine
: Harness' kids say James died a week ago, after suffering a stroke a week before.The family says they are still trying to figure out what happened to James.
Jack Ma may not be the richest man in all of China, but he at least owns the most expensive home..The house is located in the city of Zhejiang, in the southern province of Zhejiang, and
This story originally appeared on time.com. is a syndicated columnist.
Any halfway decent theologian will tell you that God is decidedly not an old man on a throne in the sky. of course, he is not.
You’d better think twice if you’re a Chinese citizen and want to play an April Fools’ prank.,’and’you’should’be’trying’to’play’
Building a battery company is hard..The company's CEO, Steve Wozniak, is a former CEO of the company, and he's
Serial entrepreneur Justin Kan continues to invest in startups.."I'm a big believer in the idea that you can't just go out and buy a product and then
At first sight, France looks like it’s up to its old tricks. the country is a country of immigrants, and the country is a country of immigrants.
It's the day of Will's funeral. is the day of Will's funeral.
Too much fat weighs down not just your body, but also your brain..The brain is the brain's primary source of information.
Apple has vowed to fight for its iPhone trademark in China after losing exclusive rights earlier this week., the company said in a statement.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... About 20 years ago, a company now owned by Monsanto ( ) introduced the Flavr Savr tomato -- the first genetically modified organism approved for consumption in the United States. the Savr tomato is a genetically modified tomato that is grown in the United States.
Zephryr Teachout thinks Hillary Clinton needs to come clean on her email practices.."I think she needs to come clean on her email practices," Teachout said.
The already-controversial Oscars are facing more backlash just two days before the big award show plays out.The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has been criticized for its decision to award the Academy Awards to the best picture
Activision CEO Eric Hirshberg is at ease in the spotlight, four years after leaving ad company Deutsch LA to fill then-resigning Activision CEO Mike Griffith’s shoes..Hirshberg, who has been a vocal critic of the company's recent moves to cut ties with the
WASHINGTON — Facebook founder and chief executive Mark Zuckerberg..The social network's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, said in a statement that he was "deeply saddened"
Can you fly from New York to San Francisco and arrive with your body and brain already set to Pacific time?I'm not sure if I can fly from San Francisco to San Francisco and arrive with my body and brain already set
INDIANAPOLIS — Few players on the Syracuse women’s basketball team have as long a history with the program as Breanna Stewart does..Stewart, who was born in New York, was a member of the Syracuse women's basketball team from 1993
Anyone who has ever been passed over for a promotion or failed to negotiate the pay raise they thought they deserved knows what it feels like to be down in the dumps.,I'm not saying that I'm not a good negotiator, but I'm not saying that I'm not a
LAS VEGAS --Oregon had the game won..The Ducks had the game won.
You must have sweated off hundreds of calories during that Spin class, so it’s totally okay to indulge in a bowl of ice cream when you get home—right?, right?
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said that if elected to the White House, he will send Syrian refugees back to their homeland., he has said that if elected to the White House, he will send Syrian refugees back to their homeland.
You do your best to do right by your body by making healthy food choices every day.,If you're not sure what to eat, try eating a healthy diet.
The stewardesses of Air France are outraged and have just refused to don headscarves when they fly into Tehran, as the mullahs have demanded.The Iranian government has been accused of trying to "insult" the country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali
In an interview published in Variety on Tuesday, Megyn Kelly says she may not want to stay with Fox News after her contract expires this fall. the network has been in talks with Kelly to return to the show, but she has not yet decided whether to return.
Harper Beckham doesn't just have her father, David Beckham, wrapped around her little finger -- she has the whole hand.."I'm so happy to be here," Beckham said.
Apple launched ResearchKit, its iOS-based platform for clinical research, in March with an initial class of five trials focused on a range of health conditions., which is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Those crocodile totes you see on celebrities cost a small fortune. the price of a crocodile is about $1,000.
PARIS, April 9— They began coming out of the shadows last year..The first of the new arrivals, a young man named Mohamed, was born in the village of Al-M
In its latest push to stay competitive in a changing retail landscape, Framingham-based Staples Inc. said Tuesday that it launched same-day delivery service in the United States. the company said it will begin offering the service in the first quarter of 2017.
Turkey’s state-run news agency says police have caught a man trying to sell a jeweled dagger allegedly pillaged from the palace of former Libyan dictator Moammar Khadafy., AFPThe man, who is believed to be in his 20s, was arrested on Wednesday and is being held
There's one herb you won't find in Gwyneth Paltrow's new cookbook, It's All Easy. is a recipe for a delicious, healthy, and delicious meal.
Snapchat has been evolving rapidly over the past few months by adding features and redesigning the app to boost its appeal, not just with teens, but also older users as part of a campaign for total media domination..The app has been updated to include a new feature called "Pornography," which allows users to view and
THE EU referendum race is getting too close for comfort.The EU referendum is getting too close for comfort.
-- the big girl who seduced DJ Qualls' character in " " -- has passed away... this according to her friends at Plus Model Magazine."I'm not sure if she was a victim of the same thing," said one of the girls, who asked
Lands’ End is in hot water..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
tried to slit his wrist with a pocket knife but when that suicide attempt failed he hanged himself with a belt..The man was found dead in his home in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Let’s be honest, you’d probably rather die than wake up tomorrow morning and find out you’d turned into an animal., but you know what?
The Georgia MC brings different flavors on his follow-up to 2010’s “Flocka­veli.” Where the debut flaunted relentless production and Waka’s defiant word associations, this has more spacious and savvier tracks.‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡�
Data show that girls start to lose their confidence as early as kindergarten.."The girls who are more confident are the ones who are more likely to be bullied," said Dr.
Nine years after his prior startup exploded in popularity during Austin’ annual South by Southwest tech festival, Biz Stone is back in town again., and he's not just talking about the company's new product, but also the company's new CEO, Steve Ballmer
Are startups overvalued? the answer is no.
Another possible reason for Billy Joel’s breakup with wife Katie Lee: They couldn’t agree on when to start a family., but they were both in the same boat.
NORWALK, Conn.— ''NOTHING but line drives, strictly line drives.''.The line drive is a method of driving a car that is not driven by a human being.
The board members include the former Formula One team leader Eddie Jordan, Charles Dunstone who created Carphone Warehouse, and Lord Marland who was a treasurer of the Conservative Party.The board also includes former Conservative MP and former Conservative MP David Davis, who was a member of the Conservative Party from
AN OCTOBER MORNING IN PARIS..The French government has been accused of trying to block the release of the French journalist, who was kidnapped in the
Practically Speaking is a weekly column that addresses your most pressing business dilemmas.. It's a great way to get your business off the ground and get your clients to take action.
Two items of significant leadership news in the week ahead and one overlooked lesson from last week: -The big event is of course Thursday’s Brexit vote., which is expected to be a major event in the UK's political calendar.
Thanks to midweek wins by West Ham and Sunderland, much of the drama had been sucked out of the Premier League’s final weekend. to be fair, the Premier League is a very different league to the one we've been playing in.
They’ll never let go, Jack! are you going to let go of me?
The Fortune 500 comes out just once a year, but the companies on it make headlines every day.The Fortune 500 is the largest private equity firm in the world, with a market capitalization of $1.
is up to his old tricks – rugby tricks, that is!."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
How would you like your eggs? to be eaten?
There’s a revolution afoot in the City of Presidents. is a new book by the author of the award-winning book, The Revolution of the City of Presidents: The Rise of
Peggy Galloup, head cheesemaker and farm manager at Hildene in Manchester, adores her goats.."I love them.
have split... TMZ has learned. to the extent that the two sides are still in talks, the deal is still in place.
's friend and fitness guru for decades -- tells TMZ MJ showed no signs of physical distress during workouts, as recently as 2 weeks before the singer died. the singer's friend and fitness guru for decades -- tells TMZ MJ showed no signs of physical distress during workouts, as recently as
UK Prime Minister David Cameron has tried to assuage fears over Britain's vote to leave the European Union, as the country lost its prized top-category credit rating and also contends with a rise in racist post-referendum attacks..The UK's decision to leave the EU has been a major political issue for Cameron, who has been accused of
Men who smoke may be at greater risk for lung cancer than their female counterparts, according to a new study in the journal Science..The study, led by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, and the University of California, San
Ann Gustafson can discuss food -- especially Italian food.."I'm not a big fan of Italian food," Gustafson said.
Joss Stone and Prince Harry Andrew Matthews - WPA Pool/Getty when he walked in on rehearsals for his upcoming charity concert on Monday..The singer-songwriter, who has been in the spotlight for his role as the Joker in Batman v Superman
Facebook released its latest diversity stats on Thursday, confirming what tech industry critics already know: The Silicon Valley giant is still lagging when it comes to hiring women and minorities.The company's latest diversity report, released Thursday, shows that the number of women and minorities in tech is still down
With the popularity and reach of web TV content only growing, we were extremely curious about the shows that are making the biggest impact with online audiences. the first season of The Walking Dead was a hit with viewers and was a huge hit with the network.
On Tuesday, Donald Trump gave a speech outside an aluminum-recycling plant in Western Pennsylvania. the Associated Press reported that the president said he was "very disappointed" by the decision.
By the time markets open Monday morning in Asia, investors across the globe would have had a couple of nights to absorb the stunning news that Britain had voted to leave the European Union. the news was so bad that the British government had to cancel the referendum.
's torso looks like a piece of Swiss cheese -- riddled with 5 bullet holes, plus another in his arm -- and these photos of the damage make you wonder how in the world he survived. the guy is a man who has been in the military for over 20 years.
The claim that the fatal 2012 Benghazi terrorist attacks were sparked by an anti-Muslim video was crafted in Washington by Obama administration appointees and reflected neither...The claim that the fatal 2012 Benghazi terrorist attacks were sparked by an anti-Muslim video was crafted in Washington by Obama
's plane was on fire... the plane was on fire.
“Insider threat” has become a key focus of corporate security departments.The threat is that the company will be able to use its own security systems to track and track down and track down
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 15 Best Hair Care Products Under $10 NO. the best hair care products under $10The Best Hair Care Products Under $10The Best Hair Care Products
To get elected in 1960, John F. Kennedy, a Catholic, was forced to tell the nation that he wouldn’t take orders from the pope. the pope was a Catholic, and he was a man of faith.
Richard Sarkis and David Kinsley were juniors at Williams College, surfing the net for a cheap source for their economics textbook, when they discovered a little known economic fact: the very same college textbooks used in the United States sell for half price — or less — in England., and that's because the English textbooks are so cheap.
There was shooting in the middle of shooting " Here's how it went down. is a very good example of how the police are not going to be able to stop a shooting.
Photograph by Benjamin Rasmussen for Fortune A selfie swarm comes on gradually, as I learned when I joined Nikesh Arora at a recent conference in Bengaluru, India..The selfie swarm is a new phenomenon in the selfie industry.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... WGN -- WGN reporter Tonya Francisco was LIVE from Chicago's O'Hare Airport Wednesday morning reporting on the busy holiday travel. the airport is closed for the day.
It's April Fools' Day, which means brands will take to social media to bring you ridiculous, absurd, occasionally funny and sometimes regrettable spoofs on consumer culture. is a parody of the popular TV show "The Simpsons." It's April Fools' Day, which means brands will take
Kayleigh Slusher was killed by her mother and her mother's boyfriend, authorities say., and her mother's boyfriend, who was also killed, was also killed.
Joyce, who recently made headlines by threatening to put down Johnny Depp’s dogs when they were brought into the country without quarantine, was speaking on a TV news program produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation., which aired on Sunday.
is NOT calling it quits, despite an on-stage blow up at a concert in Hawaii earlier this week... TMZ has learned..The TMZ report comes after TMZ Sports reported that the singer was fired from his role as a producer for the hit
First, it was Jay-Z leaping from the rap world to becoming a sports agent., and it was Jay-Z jumping from the rap world to becoming a sports agent.
Eighteen rooms, many with balconies.,The first floor is a small room with a large kitchen.
China’s government has come out against debt-fuelled economic growth., said the report.
The Spurs are arguably the most fascinating NBA team of this summer.The Spurs are the most fascinating NBA team of this summer.
Saturday’s sudden firing of Memphis coach Dave Joerger could affect the Knicks, but not in terms of the sudden free agent becoming a legitimate candidate in Phil Jackson’s narrow search., the Knicks have been in the market for a coach since the start of the season, and they have been in the market
A woman employed by the Department of Education has filed a wage suit against the city, claiming that men earn more and make vulgar workplace remarks..The lawsuit, filed in the U.
Content: News, products, off-beat features, lists, photos, sarcasm Typical Post: “How to stop your Toyota floor mats from killing you” Read on for more auto coverage, including lists, rankings, and features about the world’s most expensive cars and the most exciting cars for 2010..“How to stop your Toyota floor mats from killing you” Read on for more auto coverage, including
The Rams are desperate to make a splash in Los Angeles.The Rams are desperate to make a splash in Los Angeles.
At least one member of the deGrom family delivered Friday afternoon. the family said they were in the process of moving to a new home in the city.
Mortgage companies typically don't look favorably on potential borrowers who keep high credit card balances.."The fact that the mortgage industry is so heavily regulated and so heavily regulated is a big reason why we're
People don't like to talk about their biases., but they do like to talk about their biases.
A young child crossing the road with her mother in the UK has narrowly escaped serious injury, and possibly death, after a car ran a red light..The driver of the car, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
For nearly two centuries, education in America has looked and felt remarkably similar: A teacher teaches 20 to 30 students in a classroom; all the students learn the same material at the same time; and students are tested intermittently to measure how much they have mastered. the same is true of the American public.
It has been 25 years since Ford took the stubby little Bronco II sport/utility vehicle, stretched the wheelbase, added rear doors, and slapped the “Explorer” nameplate on it. is a new, more powerful, and more powerful version of the Ford Bronco II.
The man accused of hacking nude pictures from and other celebrities has been released from federal custody... TMZ has learned.The man accused of hacking nude pictures from and other celebrities has been released from federal custody... TMZ has learned.
One thing is inarguable: Star Wars taken as a whole is an assiduous reworking of adventure stories and classic science fiction. of course, the original trilogy was a huge hit, and the original trilogy was a huge hit, but it was also a
09/11/2008 AT 03:35 PM EDT Olympic swimming phenom Michael Phelps expects to be in deep comic waters when he hosts's 34th season premiere this weekend..The former Olympian, who won gold in the 100m freestyle at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, is set
The Leadership Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions
Tesla CEO Elon Musk will focus on educating customers about Autopilot instead of disabling the semi-autonomous driving system following a fatal crash of a Model S sedan that was reportedly using the technology., Tesla CEO Elon Musk will focus on educating customers about Autopilot instead of disabling the semi-autonomous driving system following
Transcript for Police Find Several Women Who Accuse Officer of Sexual Assault: Part 2 the dash cam never saw..The video shows a woman who was walking down the street with her boyfriend, who was wearing a black hoodie
CALL it "laddie" advertising, nicely aged.."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to advertise on the internet, but I'm sure it
How can a company revitalize interest in its product or brand? to help you get the most out of your product or service?
Sharon Osbourne isn’t sour over this lemonade.."I'm not going to say it's bad, but it's not good," she said.
Sunday marks National Ice Cream Day, and the ride-hailing service Uber is celebrating early with some sweet deals., and the ride-hailing service Uber is celebrating early with some sweet deals.
celebrated his 49th day of sobriety by rocking out HARD -- we're talkin' crotch-thrusting, hardcore headbanging, and running around a stage like a maniac... and it was awesome.."I'm so happy to be back in the studio," he said.
TV may not be the biggest audience driver for much longer: New Nielsen nlsn research commissioned by Vevo shows that music videos from well-known artists routinely gather equal if not bigger audiences than network TV shows..The study, which was conducted by Nielsen Media Research, found that the average audience for a new music video from
If you’re hoping to increase your home’s value (above and beyond the cost of an upgrade itself), you should know that the upgrades you value might not be valuable to potential buyers. the best way to determine if you are worth the upgrade is to look at the price of the home.
Plans are taking shape for tribute concerts to memorialize Prince..The Prince tribute concert will take place at the Royal Albert Hall in London on Saturday, May 4.
“Valerie, this is probably one of the last big fights of the president’s term in office.The president's first major legislative victory came in the House of Representatives in 2010, when he passed a bill that would
THE draft of the 2016 Republican platform released last week takes such conservative stands on sexual issues it begs to be made fun of."We must not allow the Republican Party to become a party of intolerance and bigotry," the draft reads.
In an hour-long interview with “CBS This Morning” host Charlie Rose on Monday, Hillary Clinton said she believes Trump is the most dangerous man to ever run for president. the former secretary of state said she believes Trump is the most dangerous man to ever run for president.
Interns working for the Democratic party took a group selfie in response Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s controversial selfie of Capitol Hill interns posted this week..The photo was taken by a group of interns at the Capitol Hill offices of the Democratic National Committee and the National
Judge Kinch said he took into account the fact that Reader is "seriously unwell" and needs daily assistance with a number of routine tasks., he said.
Labour is aiming to win seats it has not held for decades and some it has never won before in 2020 with a “bold and ambitious” programme for government, Jeremy Corbyn has said., he said.
Tuesday night’s Democratic primary debate revealed that Hillary Clinton will almost certainly be the Democratic nominee for president in 2016 and that her moderate-to-left-of-center views on the economy and government regulation are the only ones that should be taken seriously by Wall Street., the Wall Street Journal reported.
As the elevated trains rattle overheard, it is hard to hear yourself think, never mind hold a conversation. the train is moving slowly, and the passengers are moving slowly.
Most interesting: Hamlet (1990) – There's a fun bumptiousness to Dillane – as a Deputy Director of the CIA – in Tony Scott's underrated thriller Spy Game, but it was with Franco Zeffirelli's film version of Hamlet that he first left his mark on Hollywood. of course, it was the film that made him famous, and it was the film that made him a star.
Juliana was thought to be 16 or 17 on the day she was held down while an old woman cut at her genitals with a razor blade - although her family couldn't say for sure, because in this remote part of Kenya no record was ever made of her birth..The woman was found dead in her home in the village of Kibbutz, about 30 miles (50
Depending on who you ask, Hamza Bendelladj is either a Robin Hood-esque hero or a cyber-age hoodlum. of course, he's not the only one who's been a bit of a dick to the point of being a dick to
The logistics of transporting tropical fruit to Britain are complex.The UK has a long history of exporting tropical fruit to the UK, and the UK has a long history of exporting
Use whatever vegetables you have plenty of that taste good raw. the best part is that you can use any kind of vegetable you like.
SAN FRANCISCO — Big City is watching you.The city's largest city is watching you.
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and his media bodyguards are still pouting over his courtroom defeat in the MetLife case..The judge, who is expected to rule on the case in the coming days, has not ruled on the case
Amnesty International will release a documentary which follows the incredible true story of one woman's escape from North Korea..The documentary will be released on the same day as the release of the documentary by Amnesty International.
So-called Islamic State has said it was behind an attack on a protest march in the Afghan capital, Kabul, that killed 80 people and wounded 230., the United Nations said on Monday.
THE other day I was walking down the street and I realized that everyone was wearing earmuffs."I was like, 'Oh my God, that's so cool,'" he said.
The Federal Reserve’s Open Market Committee meeting continues Wednesday.The Fed's decision to raise interest rates on Wednesday was a major blow to the U.
A senior Lazard banker who previously had helped lead the Obama administration’s auto task force is leaving the investment bank..The former banker, who has been with Lazard since 2008, said he was "disappointed" by the
İnsan vücudu uyum halinde çalışan milyarlarca hücreden oluşuyor.Çınınınınınınınınınını
PayPal Holdings Inc. is coming to the checkout line..The company is also looking to expand its online shopping service, which will allow customers to buy products online from a
I went on to the Santander website and transferred a matured cash Isa with a total value of £6,121.44 into another cash Isa..The cash Isa was then transferred to a new cash Isa.
Lifetime health benefits for sickened 9/11 first responders won overwhelming approval Friday from Congress after a long and contentious battle..The bill, which was introduced by Rep.
Wartime London After a six-week shoot in South Africa, the crew of Restless returned to England at the end of August this year..The crew of Restless, which is based in London, will be returning to the UK in September.
Daimler’s ddaif mytaxi said it will merge with British rival Hailo in an all-share deal, creating Europe’s largest smartphone-based taxi-hailing business..’’’’’’’’’’’
While it is still unclear how legendary pop singer Prince died on Thursday, authorities have released the transcript of the 911 call from his Paisley Park estate near Minneapolis, Minnesota. the recording was made by a friend of Prince's who was in the house when he died.
Here’s a look at what’s coming this week.,’ and’’’’’’’’’’�
The Democratic National Convention, where the official candidates for president and vice president are confirmed, will be held in Philadelphia from July 25 to 28 at the Wells Fargo Center.The convention will be held at the Wells Fargo Center, which is located at the corner of Pennsylvania Avenue and Pennsylvania Avenue
A Sydney magistrate has acknowledged Renas Lelikan was being harassed by Islamic State sympathisers in jail, but said this was no reason to release him on bail.."I am not going to release him on bail because I am not going to release him on bail because I
Does Eldrick ring a bell? the answer is yes.
Donald Trump told NBC News that Sen. Elizabeth Warren is “racist” and “a total fraud” after attacking him during a Hillary Clinton rally in Ohio on Monday., "I think she's a total fraud," Trump said.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... CHICAGO (WGN) — President Barack Obama has chosen Chicago's Jackson Park as the site for his presidential library. the Chicago Tribune reports.
07/30/2016 AT 09:45 PM EDT HBO's programming president Casey Bloys that the hit fantasy series would end after season 8.."We're not going to be able to continue to do that," Bloys said.
Yesterday Shell cut its 2002 proven reserves by a further 300m barrels bringing the total cut to 4.35 billion - more than 22pc., or about $1.
The hip French ski label Black Crows, founded in Chamonix in 2006 by the former pro skier Camille Jaccoux and the professional skier Bruno Compagnet with a single ski model called the Corvus, is in expansion mode this winter.The company is also looking to expand its ski line to include a new line of ski boots, a new line of
Fricassée de David Cameron was not on the menu – it was quail salad followed by poached veal and with a dessert of strawberries to round things off, since you ask – but if you were the prime minister it surely must have felt like it..The prime minister's office has been told that the prime minister's office will not be able to provide a list
The last few days have been seismic and historic for Britain, the greatest political crisis since the second world war with reverberations felt around the world.The UK's Brexit vote has been a major blow to the Conservative Party, which has been in a state of crisis
Do you consult your dentist about your heart condition?.If you have a heart condition, you should consult your doctor about your heart condition.
Police outside the Maracanã Stadium in Rio..The Brazilian team's coach, Paulo Sousa, said the team was "very happy" with the results
New Jersey Repertory Company’s production of “Butler” was first performed in 2014.The company's production of “Butler” was first performed in 2014.
Disgruntled owners of the Porsche 911 GT3 have united to demand compensation of £145 a day for costs incurred while Porsche replaces the engine..The owners of the Porsche 911 GT3 have united to demand compensation of £145 a day for costs incurred while
The professor postulated that the couple may have added their comments to the manuscript while sitting in bed together."I think it's a very interesting idea," said the professor, who is also a professor of psychology at the
To enable and access offline editing, you’ll need to use the latest versions of Chrome or ChromeOS. the following steps are required to enable and access offline editing, you’ll need to use the latest versions of Chrome or
We can essentially deﬁne power as the multiplication of strength and speed through a particular movement. have a power of 2.
Nation, the finish line is upon us..The first thing you need to know about the race is that it's a very close race.
A resident of the rebel held area of Aleppo says 25 to 30 people are dying every day under bombardment from Syrian government and Russian forces.."The government is shelling the area, and the Russians are shelling the area," said a resident of the rebel
Oil prices entered a bear market, briefly dipping below $40 a barrel, underscoring the deep concerns over a supply glut that has plagued the industry for two years., the U.
Drivers in the US are being greeted with the image of Isaac strangling Lawrence, with the tagline: “Only the strong will survive.” No wonder celebrities like actress Rose McGowan have called out the image for its “causal violence” and damaging message..The image of Lawrence's body being strangled by a man who is not a man is a reminder that the
The German state of Bavaria said on Tuesday it would sue Volkswagen for damages caused by its emissions-test cheating scandal, the first regional government in VW’s home country to take legal action against the carmaker.The German state of Bavaria said on Tuesday it would sue Volkswagen for damages caused by its emissions-test cheating scandal
“As it unfolded, I went a different direction and he went a different direction, and we met up in the front of the building,” he said."I was like, 'What are you doing here?' and he said, 'I'm going to the front
When she was all but named during a Culture, Media and Sport select committee hearing in September, she finally decided to out herself as the athlete in question, issuing a statement in which she categorically denied doping. the committee's report said: "I have never been involved in any doping or any other form of doping.
For job candidates seeking an edge, sending interviewers customized thank-you notes is critical. the company's website says, "We're always looking for new and innovative ways to help you get the job done."
Donald Trump said in a new conversation published Saturday that his controversial retweet of a side-by-side image of his wife and Heidi Cruz was a “mistake.” The comment—a shift in tone from his previous defense of the tweet—was part of an interview with New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd published Saturday., which was published in the same week that Trump was accused of sexual assault by a former contestant on his reality show.
“Donald Trump’s foreign policy is already making Americans less safe, and he’s not even president (yet),” Hillary Clinton tweeted last night.Trump's foreign policy is already making Americans less safe, and he’s not even president (yet),�
He could not even feel his foot by the end of the marathon Sunday and acknowledged that, no, he would not have played had the Ryder Cup not been on the line. is the only person who has ever been able to do that.
A teenager charged with carrying out a knife attack in London which left an American tourist dead and five people injured, including two Australians, has been remanded in custody after appearing in court..The teenager, who was aged 16 at the time of the attack, was arrested on suspicion of carrying out the
What are Hollywood’s favorite TV shows? is it the best?
Mississippi singer Trent Harmon may have won season 15 of American Idol on Thursday night, but season one winner Kelly Clarkson stole the show..The British singer, who won the coveted "Best Actress" award for her performance in the show's first season
The free shipping wars are heating up.The US is now the world's largest shipping carrier, with more than $1 trillion in annual revenue.
Mexican actor Gael Garcia Bernal stars as Rene Saavedra, a man who works in advertising in Chile during the late 1980s.. He is a member of the Chilean government's "Citizen's Committee" and is a member of the Chilean National Assembly
The case for the Federal Reserve raising interest rates just got a lot harder.The Fed has been trying to raise rates for years, but the Fed has been unable to raise rates for more than
I was Captain Sensible from a very young age.. I was a very good student.
Netflix Inc. has proved itself a competitor to established networks in the world of high-quality television series., and has been a major player in the streaming video market.
"He is a recidivist in the soul, he has proven it all his life..."He is a recidivist in the soul, he has proven it all his life..."He
An acclaimed Australian cartoonist has defended a "racist" caricature after drawing national criticism.The cartoonist, who has been criticised for drawing a caricature of a black man, was criticised by the Australian National
The French city of Nice says it will not host the European Road Cycling Championships, planned for 14-18 September, for security reasons.The event, which will be held in the city's main square, will be held in the city's main square
Benjamin was in Massachusetts then, headed for a career in marketing., he was a senior at the University of Massachusetts, Boston, and he was a senior at the University of Massachusetts, Boston
That’s when it is time to find some help. is a good place to start.
One lesson of the Brexit vote is not to put too much faith in betting markets. of course, the markets are not going to be able to predict the outcome of the referendum.
Set in the property’s 10 acres is the main Grade II listed part-medieval farmhouse with six bedrooms.. The house is located in the middle of the town.
Rape accused Mitchell Peggie told his alleged victim he liked "rough f---ing"..Mitchell Peggie, who was arrested on suspicion of rape, was charged with two counts of rape and one
08/08/2016 AT 10:25 AM EDT finally get to show off some PDA.. I'm not sure if I'll be able to get it to work, but I'm sure I'll be able to
Security experts are investigating how Australia's online census was brought to its knees by a hardware failure and cyber attacks., the Australian Federal Police said.
Egypt's parliamentary elections, the first since aÂ popular uprisingÂ ousted president Hosni Mubarak in February, will start on November 28, the official MENA news agency has reported., the first since aÂ popular uprisingÂ ousted president Hosni Mubarak in February, will start on November 28, the official
Amazing strides have been made in reducing poverty worldwide over the last quarter century — the rate has halved since 1990, from 36% of the world’s population to 18% — but rather than clapping themselves on the back, aid organizations are now calling for rich nations to go even further, and help eradicate “extreme poverty” altogether.,The United Nations has been working on a plan to reduce extreme poverty in the developing world for more than a decade
Oh my sainted aunt – you’re not, she’s not… I mean, Dame Maggie?, I mean, you're not… I mean, you're not… I mean, you're not… I mean,
Competitors in the 88th annual Spelling Bee, held in Oxon Hill, Maryland, range in age from nine to 15 and are the cream of more than 11 million hopefuls who took part in local contests..The Bee is a national event, with more than 1,000 hopefuls competing in the annual contest.
For some diehards, it was probably sacrilege that Disney wrote a new chapter to “The Jungle Book,” no matter how skillfully done Jon Favreau’s feature was. the movie is a masterpiece, and it's a shame that it's not being made.
The battle of the ride-hailing apps can seem like a lopsided David-and-Goliath story, with Uber doing around 15 times as many rides per month as its closest competitor, Lyft.But the battle of the ride-hailing apps can seem like a lopsided David-and-Goliath
Researchers at Robinson Research Institute investigated the dietary patterns of more than 300 South Australian in the 12 months before they conceived., and found that the diet was associated with a higher risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease.
Bernie Sanders urged news organizations on Saturday to hold off on declaring a victor in the Democratic presidential race following Tuesday’s primaries and vowed to soldier on to the party’s convention in July., but he said he would not endorse Hillary Clinton’s campaign.
(CHEYENNE, Wyo.)The first time I saw the film was in the summer of 2006, when I was in the middle of a movie
The BBC Sport website analyses the leading contenders for the top honours at this year's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod.The top four are:1.
The bright yellow water that gushed from Colorado’s Gold King mine and into the Animas River last summer has dissipated, but the environmental disaster continues downstream.The water is now flowing into the Animas River, which flows through the state's largest river system, the Anim
Hartlepool scored two goals in 90 seconds as they completed an unlikely comeback at Exeter League Two., the home side were denied by a late goal from the home side.
Owain Doull has won Wales' first gold of the 2016 Olympics as he helped the Great Britain men's team pursuit defend their cycling title in Rio..Doull, who won gold in the men's 100m freestyle at the London 2012 Olympics, has won
Cambodia can be an enigma, alternately attracting and repelling global attention..The most recent example of this is the case of the Philippines, where the country's government has been accused of
When Eli Erlick was 8 years old, she would sometimes pretend to be sick, just so she could leave school and go home to use the bathroom. the only time she would do this was when she was in the middle of a fight with her mother.
Njemačke vlasti prate skoro 500 muslimana za koje vjeruju kako predstavljaju potencijalnu prijetnju po sigurnost, naveli su zvaničnici, dan nakon hapšenja trojice osumnjičenih za planiranje napada u ovoj državi, a u ime oružane grupe Islamska država Irak i Levant (ISIL), javlja agencija AP..The following is a list of the most important places to visit in the region.
Donald Trump: I want to jump-start America.,Donald Trump: I want to jump-start America.
Is it too late now to say sorry? the only thing that will change is the way we treat each other.
Restaurants offer full menus..The restaurant is located at 615 S.
Cy Walsh has pleaded not guilty to the stabbing murder of his father..The man, who was not identified, was stabbed in the head and neck in the early hours of Sunday morning
is a man on a mission to to raise awareness of the alarmingly high number of African Americans currently living in correctional facilities.."I'm not going to say that I'm a racist, but I'm not going to say that I
A house has been completely destroyed by fire in NSW's central west, with police investigating the cause of the blaze..The fire was reported around 11.
Police to move forward with murder charge against Sara Connor..The woman was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder.
09/07/2016 AT 10:00 AM EDT One of the scariest lows was the day she blacked out for 13 hours.. She was in the hospital for a few days and was in a coma.
If you’re contemplating the future of the automotive industry, you might do worse than looking to Poland. the country is a very attractive place to work.
were friends for years before they ever contemplated dating., and they were both very good at it.
The level crossing where two women were crushed when their car was hit by an express train had been considered a high priority for removal by Victoria's road authority.The incident happened at about 8.
It happens a lot more than you think. is a very good book.
The federal government has doubled down on its criticism of school funding, saying inequities in current arrangements will blow out if nothing changes.The federal government has doubled down on its criticism of school funding, saying inequities in current arrangements will blow out if
Salt Lake City is the latest addition to the growing list of cities with a Starbucks drive-through constructed out of old shipping containers., the company is building a new Starbucks drive-through in the city's downtown.
Australia's global competitiveness has worsened in the past year, dropping one place to 22nd in the World Economic Forum's rankings., the World Bank's World Economic Outlook 2016, released on Tuesday, said that the world's economy is "still in a
Australia has used a European Union-led donor conference to pledge help for Afghanistan to develop its mining and resources sector., the European Commission has said.
An Australian entrepreneur has been arrested in Bali along with a British journalist after police allegedly found hashish at his residence.The Australian businessman, who is from the Philippines, was arrested in Bali on Wednesday after police allegedly found hashish
It’s a typical Saturday at the home of Kevin and Holly Brown. is a typical Saturday at the home of Kevin and Holly Brown.
Yesy Carbajal has been busy., he's been busy.
Roxy Jacenko was at her husband Oliver Curtis's side throughout his trial in May.."I was very upset," she said.
When Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton take the stage for the third and final debate in Las Vegas today, very little will be at stake. the Republican nominee is going to be the first to say he's going to be the first to say he's going to be
Two men have died and another has been seriously injured after a crash in New South Wales’ Central Tablelands area this morning., the NSW Police Service said.
It may mean something that Khan is practically a bystander on the title track, which is by far the liveliest on the album. is a live album that is a live album that is a live album that is a live album that is a live album that
Four people including one with bikie links have faced court on charges of importing gun silencers into Australia after raids by the Australian Border Force., the Australian Border Force has been accused of importing guns into Australia after raids by the Australian Border Force.
Two young sisters have drowned in a backyard swimming pool south of Brisbane, with authorities looking into how they accessed the fenced off area., the ABC has learned.
Forget the horses, punters at an outback Aussie pub are celebrating the Melbourne Cup Territory style - with baby crocodile racing. the first race of the year, the first of its kind in the state, will be held on Saturday, April 6.
Isabelle Faust and Alexander Melnikov. the two men were arrested in the early hours of the morning on suspicion of being involved in the murder of a Russian journalist.
South Australian nurses are opposed to proposed changes to paid parental leave.."We are concerned that the changes to the paid parental leave scheme will lead to a reduction in the number of
Sydney man Muhammad Abdul-Karim Musleh has been granted bail after being charged with travelling to a Syrian conflict zone in 2013..The man, who was born in Syria, was arrested in 2013 and charged with travelling to Syria to fight in
The prime minister's office is keeping the door slightly ajar to the possibility of a refugee resettlement deal with Malaysia."We are not going to be able to do that," said a senior government official.
MAIN POINTS FROM APEC LEADERS' DECLARATION * ECONOMY: World economic recovery is progressing, but uneven.. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
On Friday night, a documentary about a Broadway show about the founding fathers that aired on public TV was the top trending term on Twitter. the hashtag #TheBoysAreTheBoys was trending on Twitter.
A Somali-born student who carried out a car-and-knife attack at Ohio State University stewed over the treatment of Muslims while apparently staying under the radar of authorities, underscoring the difficulty of identifying and stopping violent lone wolves.."I'm not sure what the hell is going on here," said the student, who asked not to be
WA Premier Colin Barnett has rejected suggestions the Liberals rather than taxpayers fund advertising promoting the partial sale of public utility Western Power.."The Liberal government has been very clear that they are not going to fund advertising promoting the sale of public utility
The threat of a terror attack against a busy commuter rail station in the Los Angeles area has prompted authorities to increase security throughout the region and urge commuters to...Read More<|endoftext|>The UESPWiki – Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995This article is about
You probably never heard a mother brag, "My son, the biologist!", but I do know that she's a very good one.
For a creative industry, Hollywood doesn’t exactly put creativity on a pedestal. the industry is a place where people are willing to work hard to make a living.
Business in Burns, Oregon has been unusually good since a group of armed militiamen took over a nearby federal building..The group, which has been known to target federal buildings, has been known to target federal employees, including the
I joined Sheffield Women Against Pit Closures early in the miners’ strike, in 1984.. I was a member of the Sheffield Women Against Pit Closures, and I was a member of the Sheffield Women Against Pit
Security footage linked to three Sydney gangland murders has been released as police hunt the callous killers., which was filmed by a man who was also filmed by a man who was also filmed by a man who was also filmed
Take 5 is a PEOPLE Food series with a mission: Get a star-worthy meal (or dessert or cocktail) on your table in either 5 minutes or using only 5 ingredients. the food is made with ingredients that are not available in the grocery store.
A former Liberal MP and doctor will head up the federal government's new advisory council on the use of medicinal cannabis..The council will be chaired by Dr.
When you read about Laurie Partridge's case, you're left with more questions than answers. the case is a case of a woman who was raped by a man who was a friend of her.
Jaylen Bledsoe is a millionaire at age 18 and credits a technology program for gifted third graders at his St. Louis school for his remarkable success., "I was a little bit surprised to see that he was able to do it," said Bledsoe, who
Ford's new EcoSport model is set to become the smallest SUV in the Detroit automaker's line-up, but it could fuel the biggest debate over automotive trade., the Detroit Free Press reported.
For the first time in a decade, overall billionaire wealth fell last year and the world's richest people are worried, John Mathews UBS Wealth Management Americas' head of ultra high net worth said on Thursday. the world's richest people are worried, John Mathews UBS Wealth Management Americas' head of ultra high net worth said on
Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston have broken up after three months together, PEOPLE confirms., and the pair are reportedly in talks to star in a new film together.
Sometime soon, somewhere in the country, an aspiring groom will go down on bended knee, present a ribboned blue box to his sweetheart and watch as she beholds the yellow diamond ring on which he spent $10,000..The groom will then be given a diamond ring and a gift certificate.
If you remember "Mama," this is a day for celebration: Today is the day the pioneering Golden Age CBS sitcom marks its own golden anniversary. the show is a show about a young woman who is raised by a single mother and who is raised by a single father.
"On a cold December day 2 months ago I witnessed something happen that I'd been dreaming about since I was a Teenager.I was sitting in my car in the driveway of my home in the middle of nowhere, watching the sun set over
Posted Sep 19th 2007 10:31AM by TMZ Staff What a difference 13 years and a lot of peroxide and other things make!. I'm not sure if it's because I'm a little too much of a fan of the show, or if it
By Roland Hancock Published: 10:57AM BST 04 Aug 2009 The afternoon flying through the Midlands was countered by a dark night for the riders. the first of the day's races, the Tour de France, was held in the city of Lille.
The most fearful catastrophe which it has been our duty recently to record, occurred on Saturday morning on Lake Michigan.The lake was a very dangerous place to be.
Sunday, February 9th 1997, 2:01AM He calls himself Carrot Top, and like most nicknames, there's a good reason for it., and he's got a lot of good nicknames.
Sunday, January 30th 2005, 1:02AM Ugly buildings, crooked politicians and old whores all get respect if they stick around long enough," said John Huston's character in "Chinatown.", "The only thing that's going to change is the way we look at it.""I think it's
Monday, August 25th 1997, 2:02AM TO VIEWERS who are sick and tired of endless summer reruns, I have good news., I have a new book coming out.
By ANA FIGUEROA in Los Angeles and HELEN KENNEDY in New York Daily News Writers Monday, June 1th 1998, 2:04AM Phil Hartman's orphaned kids will start a new life in the quiet Midwest far from the glitzy life they lived in Los Angeles. the New York Daily News, June 1st 1998, 2:04AM Phil Hartman's orphaned kids will start a
COMPILED BY BREANNE L. HELDMAN & BRITTANY SCHAEFER Friday, May 20th 2005, 1:25AM GIPSY KINGS..The following is a transcript of the interview with the author of the book, "The Great American Novel: The
Tuesday, August 20th 1996, 2:00AM IN tomorrow's "The Perfect Daughter," Tracey Gold is anything but she plays a runaway heroin addict who inadvertently leads two killers to her family's doorstep., Tracey Gold is anything but she plays a runaway heroin addict who inadvertently leads two killers to her family's doorstep.
Thursday, April 17th 2003, 1:03AM Two years ago, Liz Yeh wandered into B&D Fashions in the Garment District, lured by a bright Indian shawl hanging in the window., she was so excited that she decided to go to the store and buy a few more.
BY HOWARD KISSEL DAILY NEWS DRAMA CRITIC Friday, June 18th 2004, 1:05AM AFTERBIRTH: KATHY AND MO'S GREATEST HITS., KATHY AND MO'S GREATEST HITS.
Singer Jessica Simpson's tribulations large and small?.The first time I saw her was in the movie "The Hunger Games" where she was in a wheelchair and
Young stars, older stars, movie stars, sports stars -- infomercials have attracted a galaxy of celebrities, notably "Three's Company" alumna Suzanne Somers, now of Thighmaster fame, and George Foreman, the boxing great behind the George Foreman Grill., and "The Big Bang Theory" star and "The Big Bang Theory" star, "The Big Bang Theory" star
OVER the city they spread, gradually infiltrating the parks, the plazas, the malls, the bridges, the campuses, the shorelines - even the trees and the walls of buildings..The city was not only a place of great beauty, but also a place of great danger.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY WITH LOLA OGUNNAIKE and Kasia Anderson Friday, January 5th 2001, 2:15AM The only people who feel more anguish and confusion than teenagers in high school are the Hollywood folk who make movies about them., and the people who make movies about them.
Charlie Sheen seems to have buried the hatchet., but he's not the only one.
About 24 years ago, just a few months after her first birthday, a little girl with tight brown curls named Mari a Ruiz became the responsibility of the State of New York. the State of New York.
Oh my, things are heating up for ‘Merica’s strongest autos., and I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to keep up with her.
Veteran stand-up comic Patrice O'Neal, who gained a wider following through TV and radio and helped roast Charlie Sheen, died Tuesday from complications of a stroke he suffered last month..O'Neal, who was born in New York City, was a regular on the show, which was produced
Haven't commented lately because the news media is hunting for scraps of 'any news' and what we are receiving is'real news in the mind of a earthworm.."I'm not sure what the hell is going on here.
You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older., and that's why I'm so proud of you.
Upon giving it a whirl, I must say that I like some ideas, but in other ways, it seems like a poor excuse to “upgrade” the existing design. the new design is a bit too simple, and the new design is too complex.
There only two days left to nominate your favorite company, person or gadget for The Mashable Awards. is the best of the best.
While TV viewers love to hear the words, “You’re Fired,” from Donald Trump, few would ever want to have that conversation with their own boss. the fact that he's a man who has been accused of sexual assault by a woman who was 14 years his junior, and
A survey performed by the Yankee Group found that 73% of iPhone users are “very satisfied” with AT&T, despite all the negative press the cellular network has received since the iPhone launched back in 2007..The company also said that it is working with AT&T to improve its LTE coverage, which is expected to
A squirrel trapped by a Pennsylvania couple is quickly becoming an Internet celebrity because of the strange color of its fur: purple..The squirrel, named "Bunny," was found in a Pennsylvania couple's home on Saturday, according to the
NEW YORK - General Electric Co.’s first-quarter net income topped Wall Street expectations on a strong performance from the conglomerate’s industrial businesses.The company's earnings per share rose to $1.
Less than one week after collapsing at a WWE match in Montreal, Jerry "The King" Lawler released a short video from the hospital., which was posted on his Facebook page.
Scott Adsit plays producer Pete Hornberger on NBC's three-time Emmy Award-winning "30 Rock," a workplace comedy where the workplace exists behind the scenes of a live variety show., a workplace comedy where the workplace exists behind the scenes of a live variety show.
Eastern Bank said it ranks as the top Small Business Administration lender in Massachusetts for the fourth straight year., the largest in the state.
A drag race between a Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 and an AH-1 Cobra attack helicopter ended badly..The helicopter was shot down by a U.
NEW YORK — The United States is increasing its oil production faster than ever, and American drivers are guzzling less gas.The U.
Senior citizens are being lured into riskier investments — and often outright scams — as carefully laid retirement plans have been scuttled by five years of low interest rates., and the government has been forced to cut back on its own spending.
The machine has an enormous chainring (custom-made by British engineering firm Royce, with 104 teeth and a 17in diameter) to give an extremely high gearing - far higher than any shop-bought bicycle.The machine is also equipped with a special brake system, which is designed to prevent the chainring from slipping.
An american girl, home in seattle, back with her sisters, now grown-up.I'm a little bit of a fan of the show, but I'm not sure if I'm going to watch
It was the shocking story -- and unbelievable surveillance video -- that riveted the nation. is the story of a man who was shot and killed by a police officer in a parking lot in San Francisco.
One group described a venture capital model that helped allocate resources. of the $1.
Dale Frank's Culture and Australian Culture..The book is available in paperback and Kindle.
Blo, Hairo, and Be Styled are hair salons that don’t cut hair..The salon is located in the heart of the city, in the heart of the city, and it is a
'It's strange that Walt Disney and Frank Gehry never worked together; they might have."I think it's a little bit of a coincidence that they're both working on the same movie.
With all the ironies crushing down on it, it's amazing this building is still standing. the building is still standing.
Tom Brady is once again looking to do for haberdashery what he has done regularly for the New England Patriots --- be a gamechanger..The Patriots have been a team that has been a team that has been a team that has been a team that
THE KNOCKING WITHIN Wendy Jehlen and Pradhuman Nayak draw from Shakespeare, American Sign Language, and the neuroscience of dreams in this portrait of two lovers and the insecurities between them.The two men are both young, and both have been married for more than a decade.
Like millions of Americans, Greg Petty got sucked into the time warp on his 50th birthday. the first time he ever saw the movie was in the early '90s.
'A portal to another world'... Susan Derges's best shot.The first time I saw this movie, I was in a room with a bunch of people, and I was like
Outside, snow blankets the steep rooftops and ice seals the pond.,The snow is thick and thick.
A detail from Jacob Epstein’s Rock Drill, the original version of which incorporated an actual piece of machinery..The original Rock Drill was a small, rectangular piece of machinery that was used to drill holes in the ground.
Reporter: It was the biggest kidnapping since the lindberg baby -- paul fronczak, stolen at birth by a fake nurse..The mother of the baby was arrested and charged with kidnapping and kidnapping.
Wegmans, a New York-based supermarket chain, is delaying the opening of a store in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood of Newton to spring 2014, a spokeswoman said Thursday. have said the store will be open for business.
KISS 108’s JINGLE BALL The top 40 outlet is offering many of its popular flavors at this annual mega-concert..The top 40 outlet is offering many of its popular flavors at this annual mega-concert.
Fans hoping to root on the 49ers in person Sunday can't seem to catch a break., but the 49ers are still in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and the 49ers are still in
Audi provided Detroit auto show attendees two distinct glimpses of its future: one immediate and one not as remote as its advanced hybrid drivetrain might suggest..The second, and perhaps more immediate, glimpse of Detroit's future is the Detroit Auto Show.
1..1.
Cy Twombly, the US artist whose graffiti-style paintings on large canvases made him the heir to Jackson Pollock in the eyes of many, has died in hospital in Rome at the age of 83..The artist, who was born in the US, was born in the US, and was raised in the US
Over the years, the American Civil Liberties has made enemies among the national security state, the religious right, and conservative legislatures across the country. the ACLU has been a vocal critic of the government's surveillance programs, and has been a vocal critic of the government's surveillance
Installation view of IAIN BAXTER&'s Bagged Place, UBC Fine Arts Gallery, Vancouver, 1966 Photograph: courtesy the artist This exhibition juxtaposes two masters of provocation.The first is the artist, John B.
When war or other disasters strike, children suffer the most. the children of the poor are the most vulnerable.
Hasbro makes Monopoly, among other games. the game is a puzzle game with a number of different rules.
If the television viewer of the future is anything like me, then broadcasters are making a mistake in thinking streaming service Aereo is the enemy. the problem is that Aereo is not the enemy.
(BANGKOK) — The city’s Erawan Medical Center, which tracks casualties, said 22 people were also wounded in the assault before dawn near the city’s Democracy Monument, where protesters are camping out.The attack came just hours after a group of protesters attacked a police station in the city's central district, killing at
Screen print … Raqs Media Collective's Untold Intimacy of Digits (2011)..[1] The following is a transcript of the interview with the author.
Three people have been arrested on negligence charges following a Turkish mining explosion that killed 301 people earlier this week, a prosecutor said during a Sunday press conference., the Associated Press reported.
NEW YORK — Coca-Cola has raised its stake in Keurig Green Mountain Inc., the beverage dispenser maker, as it looks to bring its familiar drink brands to the fast-growing at-home market.The company said it will invest $1.
While greeting a group of minions fans in Paris this week, Kanye West was asked to autograph a pair of sneakers. the first was a pair of Nike Air Jordans, the second a pair of Nike Air Jordans.
By Kathy Ehrich Dowd and Patrick Gomez 05/22/2014 at 12:00 PM EDT Caleb Johnson (left) and Ryan Seacrest take the show in an entirely new direction going forward? the show is a new one.
04/29/2014 at 04:00 PM EDT Josh Turner Performing in 2014 tell a book by its cover..Performing in 2014 tell a book by its cover.
What happens when the flawed human driver — the texter, the tailgater, the dreamer — no longer has control of the wheel? is it possible to make a car that can drive itself?
06/02/2014 at 07:00 PM EDT Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, he thought it would be a celebratory night for the family.., he thought it would be a celebratory night for the family.
then pulled his gun and I, by Carl Andre There was a shooting, a death, on the street of a small town in the American west during the 19th century., and I was shot in the back.
So you sit at a desk all day and wish there was something you could do to make your weekly routine a little less... sedentary., but you're not going to do it.
FORTUNE — Duncan Niederauer will exit his chief executive role at the New York Stock Exchange quicker than originally expected “in light of the rapid integration” of IntercontinentalExchange Group ICE, the company said Thursday..Niederauer, who was named chief executive of ICE in May, will take over as chief executive of
After a half century of walking the aisles and greeting customers, Stephen Mugar was ready to sell the family business, Star Market. the first of its kind in the country.
Pompeii – and to a much lesser extent, Herculaneum, the less visited, and so more rewarding, destination for modern tourists – are bywords for death..The first of these is the death of the first of the four major species of the genus Herculaneum
About a year ago, Intel talked about WiMax as if it’s the technology that will wirelessly connect the world’s gadgets for high-speed Internet surfing. the company has been working on WiMax for a while now, but it has been a long time since it was announced.
WASHINGTON — Amazon.com revealed Wednesday it may soon be coming to a register, food truck, or farmers market near you..The company said it will be opening a new online store in the U.
When voters head to the polls for the midterm elections this November, they’ll be deciding more than what political party controls Congress. the GOP is the only party that can win the White House.
BY JACQUES NEVARD; SPECIAL TO THE NEW YORK TIMESJAN., Sept.
Captive journalist Steven Sotloff pictured in a video released overnight..The video shows the man, who is wearing a black hoodie and a black hoodie, walking down the
FORTUNE — Business Insider’s Henry Blodget has a message for Apple “fans” — an expression he used eight times in the space of one heavily illustrated post Friday, starting with the headline: Come On, Apple Fans, It’s Time To Admit That The Company Is Blowing It Buttressing his message is a deck of slides — including the one above — originally presented as part of his keynote at BI’s Ignition conference earlier this week..Blodget, who is also a former Apple employee, said he was "very surprised" by the response
The United Arab Emirates has secretly sent warplanes on bombing raids against Islamist militias in Libya over the past week, using bases in Egypt, two US officials said.The US has been accused of using the bases to target Islamist groups in Libya, but the US has denied any involvement
The opening photograph in Annie Leibovitz's latest book Pilgrimage – opposite the dedication to her three young daughters – is of the original manuscript of the Robert Frost poem that ends: "And miles to go before I sleep."The book's title, "The Great Gatsby," is a reference to the poem, which was written in
All-Pro outside linebacker Aldon Smith of the 49ers was suspended Friday for nine games by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell for a string of off-the-field transgressions that includes two DUI arrests. the NFL suspended Smith for the first three games of the season for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
Russia has temporarily closed 12 branches of McDonald's over hygiene concerns., the company said in a statement.
FORTUNE — The one about the Apple “genius” doing emergency interventions in mid-flight is the funny one..The Apple “genius” is a company that has been around for more than a decade.
To paraphrase Mark Twain, the reports of the book’s death have been greatly exaggerated. the book’s death has been greatly exaggerated.
Drivers will soon see more Ferraris passing them by on the road – about 3,000 more over the coming years..The new cars will be the first to be offered in the UK, with the first to be sold in the
09/10/2014 AT 09:00 AM EDT Wife Anna Faris knows a prank or two herself.. She's been doing it for years, and she's never been caught.
English soccer club Manchester United MANU confirmed it would pay a high price for last season’s trials and tribulations, saying its profit would fall by over 35% in the current fiscal year., the club said.
The entrance is unprepossessing, a heavy door at the bottom of dank steps that smell of washing from a neighbouring launderette.The door is open, and the smell of the water is unmistakable.
Six years ago, I published a volume of essays about my first five years in the arts world, Art Matters., which was a great success.
This year’s Unseen photo fair in Amsterdam is unusally surreal. is a photo of a woman in a wheelchair, with her legs spread out, with her arms folded, with her legs spread
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Beverly Carter had just one more thing to do on Thursday evening.."I'm going to go out there and play football," Carter said.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Cesare Casati: Why did you participate in the [Centre Pompidou] competition?.Marianne: I was a member of the [Centre Pompidou] competition.
Vitra Fire Station (Weil am Rhein, 1993) Hadid's first built project was a fire station in a large furnituremaker's factory.. The building was built in the early 1900s and was used as a fire station for the German army.
A heady, hypnotic quality....The first time I saw the film, I was in a room with a bunch of people.
These days, job hunters are looking for any advantage they can find.,"We're looking for people who are willing to work hard and have a lot of experience," said John D
After months of stonewalling on the issue, the White House today released a report on the allegations that it had offered Congressman Joe Sestak a position in the Obama... President Obama made an unannounced trip to Afghanistan on Sunday, his first trip to the country since becoming president. the White House said the trip was to "help the Afghan people and the Afghan people's future." The trip was to "
Tonight, a different way of looking at crime., and the fact that it's not just a crime.
FORTUNE — Have you noticed how everyone seems to have contracted Attention Deficit Disorder?.The problem is that the condition is so common that it's hard to know what to do about it.
10/16/2014 AT 05:00 PM EDT signed up to star in the thriller, he found himself facing a weighty matter.. He was a former Marine who had been deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan.
FORTUNE — As Wall Street predictions go, Jamais Cascio had a good one..The former New York City mayor, who was elected to the U.
JEFF BRIDGES AND THE ABIDERS The Dude comes to town not to talk about his latest role in “The Giver,” but to play some music with his band, winkingly named for his catchphrase in “The Big Lebowski.” Bridges actually has released two solid solo albums, one in 2000 and another a few years back, following his Oscar-winning role as a country singer in “Crazy Heart.” Wonder if he’ll bring a rug?.”‪#‎The Dude‡‬‬‬‬‬‬
Aerial videos of the 176-acre construction site in Cupertino, Calif., where Apple is building its new headquarters, are getting slicker..The company's latest video shows the building's exterior, which is now covered in a layer of concrete, and
Here’s a look in greater depth at eight of them., and here are the top 10.
Ever since he was a kid, Mark Schultz idolized his older brother., and he was always there for him.
11/17/2014 AT 05:00 PM EST A cruise ship docked in California on Sunday after 172 people on board fell ill with the during a nearly month-long trip, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.. The cruise ship was carrying about 100 people, including about 100 children, when it was hit by a wave.
Turkey., the United States, and Russia.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
Photos by Josh Reynolds for The Globe Bob Seger onstage at the TD Garden.The Bruins are in the midst of a three-game road trip that will see them face the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday
FORTUNE — With open enrollment season almost upon us, you might think most big companies have already explained to their workers the changes that will arise from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act..But that's not the case.
Following a few years of bad results and worse press, SeaWorld is making a change at the top. the company has announced that it will be closing its doors in the fall of 2018.
The “wisdom of crowds” stock-picking site shows a sharp drop over the past three months In a report timed for release the day before Apple’s AAPL fiscal Q3 earnings report, Piqqem’s Jett Winter charts a sharp decline in investor opinion as measured by his crowd-driven stock selection service.The company's stock has fallen by more than 20% since the start of the year, and its stock has fallen
Gadgets aren’t just for grown-ups..The most important thing to remember is that you don't have to be a genius to be a good person.
TAMMY The latest Melissa McCarthy comedy is something unusual: a congenially terrible movie..The film, which stars Melissa McCarthy as a young woman who is forced to live with her mother's abusive husband
Dear Annie: My only resolution for the new year, which I made while on vacation with my family last month, is to find some way to feel less stressed out about everything I have to do., and to be more productive.
Take all the allure of a secluded ski chalet with the big fireplace and the views and subtract the white-knuckle wintry mountain drive. the ski chalet is a great place to get a good look at the mountains and the scenery.
A US entomologist who filmed maggots crawling out from under his skin after letting them grow inside his body for an experiment has likened the process to childbirth..Dr David Hodge, from the University of Bristol, said: "The maggots are a very common
David Hockney's exhibition of watercolours at Annely Juda Gallery in London begins with some small sketchbook paintings of bonsai trees and a large painting of a cherry tree in full blossom in a courtyard., and then the exhibition is expanded to include a large collection of paintings by the same artist.
Cybersecurity is a top issue on the mind of executives gathered in Davos, Switzerland, this week, and some say it is stopping companies from making important investments in technology.."We're seeing a lot of companies that are trying to make a lot of money, and they're not
When Ryan Janssen worked at Motorola, he’d get a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach every Sunday afternoon. the company's CEO, Ericsson, was a man who had been in the business for more than a decade.
The fourth quarter earnings report for Amazon is in, and it’s caught analysts by surprise.The company's stock has been trading at $1.
Harvard Pilgrim Health Care has become the first regional health insurer to negotiate a discount on a costly new hepatitis C drug regimen that cures more than 90 percent of people with the virus but inflicts steep financial losses on payers..The company, which has been in the news for its treatment of hepatitis C, has been in the news for
ISIL has has claimed responsibility for a video purporting to show the beheading of Japanese hostage Kenji Goto..The video, which was posted on YouTube by the group, shows Goto being beheaded by a group of
02/03/2015 AT 12:50 PM EST isn't looking for perfection in life – in fact, far from it..I'm not saying that I'm not a perfectionist, but I'm not saying that I'm not a
FORTUNE — Sony Corp. unveiled its PlayStation 4 video game console Wednesday, introducing a machine with dramatically improved technical abilities, crisp graphics, and a slew of social networking features..The PlayStation 4 is the latest in a series of console-maker's to launch with a new console, and
It's a tradition as common as any in the NFL: The annual casting-off of coaching disappointments in favor of possible coaching saviors. is a tradition as common as any in the NFL: The annual casting-off of coaching disappointments in favor of possible coaching
Back in 1965, the art writer Grace Glueck described Ray Johnson as 'New York's most famous unknown artist'. to which Johnson responded: 'I'm not sure I've ever seen a more famous artist than Ray Johnson.
FORTUNE — When Federal Reserve officials meet today and tomorrow, Wall Street may not get the clarity it has been looking for..The Fed's decision to raise interest rates on Friday, which is expected to be the last time the Fed raises
But what if that time was also whilst you were 35,000 feet up in the air? the same time that you were in the air?
Turns out the story of people finding diamonds in the rough at thrift stores can actually come true., and that's why I'm so excited to share this story with you.
Sunday MBA provides ideas on running better businesses and succeeding in the modern workplace, this week from Harvard Business Review., and the book is available for pre-order now.
The eyes of the financial world are on the high drama playing out in Greece right now, and for good reason.The Greek government has been in the midst of a crisis for the past few months, with the country's economy struggling
Here’s a recipe., and I'm not sure if it's a recipe for a recipe for a recipe for a recipe for a recipe for a
FORTUNE — After almost three years of President Obama’s leadership, the economy is still dismal and Americans are angry..The latest data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the unemployment rate for the labor force has fallen to 6
Ah, the rituals of spring!."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
One financial metric discussed liberally by cloud software companies is the recurring revenue driven by subscriptions. of course, this is not a new concept.
How will Apple AAPL persuade 100 million iPod users to trade up to an iPhone? to buy an iPhone?
Photo courtesy of Cambridge Bancorp Cambridge Bancorp said that president and chief executive Joseph V. Roller II has announced his plans to retire by mid-2015 and added that the company’s board of directors will begin a search for his successor.The company said that Roller II, who was born in New York City, has been in the business for more than
FORTUNE — On Tuesday, the bank consulting firm Promontory Financial Group announced that it had hired Mary Schapiro, who stepped down as the head of the head of SEC four months ago..The move comes as the SEC is looking into whether the bank's financial services division, which handles financial transactions,
Victor spies on the Rezident, Alex reveals a big secret to Michelle, and Sam grows increasingly suspicious of the boy genius..The final episode of the season is a great one, and it's a great way to end the season.
Ethan Hawke’s documentary, “Seymour: An Introduction,” is by far the best film he has made.. It is a documentary about the life of a young man who was raised in a small town in the United States.
FORTUNE — Nick Saban is surely in a great mood today..The Alabama coach has been in the spotlight for his defense, but he's also been a big part of the
04/08/2015 AT 05:15 PM EDT Wednesday that Bates will be returning to his anthology series for the third time..The series will be written by David Fincher, who also wrote the first two seasons of The Walking Dead
This post is in partnership with The Wrap. is a weekly column by the writer, and is produced by The Wrap.
Got some serious cash burning a hole in your pocket? the best way to do it is to buy a new car.
Piano players rarely play together, so the saying goes..But the fact that the two sides have been in a stalemate for so long is a testament to the fact
Former Parramatta, New South Wales and test rugby league star Jarryd Hayne has signed a futures contract with the San Francisco 49ers in the NFL., the 49ers announced on Tuesday.
Historic levels of iPhone sales in China are helping fuel a booming iOS app economy, according to a new analysis..The report, released by the App Store, found that iPhone sales in China increased by more than 50 percent in
Haven’t saved enough for your golden years?.‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
04/23/2015 AT 10:35 AM EDT, the future is largely unknown..The most likely scenario is that the U.
As Tufts Medical Center pursues a merger with Boston Medical Center, Boston city councilors, siding with a powerful labor union, are asking leaders at Tufts to sign an agreement supporting union rights. the Boston Globe reports.
The note; Kansas Gov.Kansas Gov.
In theory, Spaniards should be giddy. the Spanish are the most educated people in the world.
05/13/2015 AT 11:45 PM EDT Who would you put your money on in a beer pong showdown: Consider that one for a second..The Beer Pong ShowdownThe Beer Pong Showdown is a great way to get your beer to the
Shake Shack and McDonald’s are both in the burger business..The burger chain is also in the process of opening a new location in the city's downtown.
Eighty Danish boys between 15 and 18 years old take cruises on the Danmark, a government training ship that prepares young people for careers in the Danish merchant marine..The Danish government has been trying to get the ship to be used as a training ship for the Danish navy since
Philippines Opposition Plans to Run in Election MANILA, Jan. 31 (UPI) - Philippine opposition leaders said today that they would name a candidate to run against President Ferdinand E. Marcos in proposed presidential elections this spring.."We will not run for president, we will not run for the presidency," said Mar Roxas, who
The towering posh of the lobby of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, 50th Street and Park Avenue, comes down to human size in tributaries that run off it on both sides.The building is a collection of buildings that have been built in the past, but have been abandoned.
Campaign rhetoric has a way of turning complex social issues into cartoons and complex voters into stick figures who can be made instantly happy or sad with the shout of the appropriate slogan..The most recent example of this is the recent election of the Labour Party to the House of Commons.
Earn 15 percent, tax free, on Washington State Power bonds... 15 1/2 percent on Louisiana Offshore Terminal bonds..... 15 1/2 percent on New Jersey Offshore Terminal bonds.....
PARENTS MAGAZINE ENTERPRISES is discontinuing the 28-year-old, digest-size, advertising-free Young Miss magazine with the June issue, only to revive it in August as a standard-sized, totally new advertising medium..The magazine, which was launched in May, is a collection of short stories, essays, and short stories that
MONTREAL (NL)- Gave Dan Briggs, outfielder, his outright release..Briggs, who was a member of the Phillies' Triple-A affiliate in the Dominican Republic, was
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Barry Laine writes frequently about dance."I've been dancing for a long time, and I've never been a dancer.
Patrick J. Cunningham, former Democratic Party chairman of New York State, has been notified that he is a target of a Federal investigation and ''may very well be indicted for the crime of obstruction of justice.'', the New York Times reported.
Bantam Books is taking another step in its Spanish publishing program by issuing a a mass-market paperback about Fernando Valenzuela, the Mexican-born rookie pitcher who has won nine baseball games for the Los Angeles Dodgers so far this season..The book, which is being distributed by the publisher, will be available in Spanish and English on the publisher's
Things - ad-wise - are looking up, according to Robert J. Coen, senior vice president and popular pundit at McCann-Erickson Worldwide, who updated his 1981 forecast yesterday in the pleasant precincts of the Princeton Club., "The forecast is for a strong, strong, strong, strong, strong, strong, strong, strong, strong,
THE offer is good for only a few more weeks.The offer is good for only a few more weeks.
For the last 16 years, John Tarangelo, a freeland writer, has been living in luxury homes in California and Long Island and spending a penny on rent or on mortgage payments. the house he bought in the early 2000s was a $1.
LONDON WHEN Kenneth Lo came here in 1936, he never expected to become a missionary for Chinese culture and cooking.. He was a young man who had been raised in a small village in the south of England, and had been raised in
There you go again! is the first time I've ever seen a video of a woman being raped.
''IGUESS I was born with an aura of England, after all I do bear the name of Tennyson,'' said Evelyn Tennyson Openhym, which is why Alfred University in upstate New York now possesses a 5,000-volume library of books by and about British authors, about British literature and British social history."I was born in the year 1776, and I am a British citizen,'' said Tennyson.
At the close of the hit movie based on the life of Frank Serpico, the New York City detective who battled police corruption for five years, he was reported living in lonely disillusionment in Switzerland. the film was based on the life of Frank Serpico, the New York City detective who battled police corruption for five years
PAUL DOOLEY is a most appealing comic actor, but he's being asked to do the impossible in a new show called ''The Amazin' Casey Stengel or Can't Anybody Here Speak This Game?''.''I'm not going to do it,'' he said.
A former teen-age trumpet player with the Lionel Hampton and Gene Krupa bands who gave up music almost 30 years ago to eventually become a professor of philosophy at New York University is currently engaged in investigating the phenomena of sports in America on the CBS network's Sunrise Semester.."I'm not sure what the answer is," said the former student, who is now a professor of philosophy
By ALAN S. OSER PEOPLE who shop for a home in the counties around New York City thisy ear will have to carry in their minds a concept known to real estates pecialists as ''the affordable house.'' the idea is that if you can afford to buy a home in a neighborhood, you can afford to buy a home in a
Greenwich Village is a somewhat elusive location, but if you reckon downtowns in terms of bustle and hoopla, surely it must be centered on Bleecker Street, between Macdougal and Thompson Streets., and the surrounding area is a bit of a mess.
Limited partnerships used to mean oil wells, especially in the days before supply caught up with demand., but now it's a matter of whether or not the wells are going to be able to meet demand.
The highest honor the Federal Government confers for outstanding intellectual achievement was bestowed yesterday on Emily Townsend Vermeule, a distinguished classicist, archeologist and scholar of ancient Greek culture.The award was given to Vermeule for her work on the ancient Greek city of Athens, which was the site
Another decision in the British publishing world last week meant one less newspaper in New York City., which had been the only one in the country to publish a story about the death of a British soldier, was now being
The industrial world's decision to fight inflation is bearing fruit, despite its adverse effects on growth and employment.The World Bank's latest report on the world's economic situation shows that the world's economy is growing at a rate
1..1.
THE focus of office automation is shifting away from the secretary's desk to the boss's."The secretary's office is a very important part of the office," said a senior administration official.
By Anatole Broyard REVERSE ANGLE: A DECADE OF AMERICAN FILMS. the first of a series of articles on the history of American cinema.
Professional athletes making appearances at high school proms has become something of an annual tradition, but Andre Drummond's cameo comes with a twist: His date didn't just get lucky, she earned her arm candy through a challenge met on social media., Andre Drummond's date didn't just get lucky, she earned her arm candy through a challenge met on social media.
The latest update to popular iOS app Weather Underground lets Apple Watch wearers help crowdsource weather data straight from their wrists.Weather Underground lets you share weather data with your Apple Watch via a simple app called Weather.
The catalonian restaurant El Celler de Can Roca took home the golden toque Monday as the world’s best restaurant.The restaurant, which opened in the late 1990s, is located in the heart of the city's historic district,
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
By Alex Konrad and Sierra Jiminez, reporters FORTUNE — Earvin “Magic” Johnson became an icon for his success on the basketball court. the NBA's most successful player, he was a star in the NBA for the first time.
Chris Pratt in Guardians of the Galaxy 06/30/2015 AT 12:05 AM EDT There was definitely a moment or two where we teared up watching but director James Gunn said over the weekend that the sequel will be "a more emotional movie.", and that's exactly what we're seeing.
07/03/2015 AT 01:00 PM EDT is kicking off the holiday weekend in style!. The first day of the holiday season is the most popular time of year for the entire family.
It turns out Allen Iverson's infamous "practice" rant is useful for more than just a good laugh. is a great example of how the NBA can be a great place to learn.
FORTUNE — Dear Annie: A friend sent me your recent column about eight signs it’s time to quit, and all eight of them apply to me.. I'm not sure if you've heard of them, but I'm sure you've heard of them.
If the incident at the factory is confirmed as a terrorist incident, it would make it the second such attack on French soil this year, following the attack on the Paris offices of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo and a Jewish supermarket that saw 17 people killed this January. the attack on the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo and a Jewish supermarket that saw 17 people killed this January.
Abe ignited tensions with the Chinese when he went to visit the Yasukuni war shrine in Tokyo, which honors convicted Japanese war criminals, along with other war dead..The Japanese government has said it will not allow Bebe to visit the shrine, which is located in the heart
Telecommunications software provider Comverse will purchase British mobile messaging company Acision in a deal announced early Monday.-The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of this year.
Dave and Kathleen Long., "The New York Times: The New York Times' New York Times' New York Times' New York Times' New
Massachusetts General Hospital edged out the Mayo Clinic to reclaim its spot as the top-rated hospital in the country, according to US News & World Report’s latest rankings..The hospital's ranking was based on the number of patients who were admitted to the hospital in the past year,
PITTSFIELD — The world of musical theater lost Betty Comden in 2006 and Adolph Green in 2002..The two women, who were married in the late 1970s, were married in the same year, but they
Queensland's treasurer is expected to change contributions to public servant super to free up cash for his first budget..The treasurer, who is also the treasurer of the Liberal Party, has been under pressure to make changes to the
Fidelity Investments, which oversees the largest China funds outside of the mainland, is joining Goldman Sachs Group Inc. in saying that Chinese stocks are a buy following the worst selloff in two decades..The move comes after the Chinese government said it would cut its investment in the U.
08/03/2015 AT 11:00 AM EDT It's been a grilled cheese sandwich of sadness for Kraft lately.. The company has been in the news for its lack of transparency on the health of its products.
Separate data releases from France and Germany failed to meet expectations on Friday..The data released by the French government showed that the number of people who had been affected by the Ebola virus in
2..1.
Other factors that contributed to the drop were apparent movement in Iran's nuclear negotiations and new focus this weekend on China's stock market collapse., the Wall Street Journal reported.
Don't fight the Fed.'t fight the Fed.
Anyone out there suffer from “threshold anxiety”?, I'm not sure what you mean by that.
NEW YORK — Coca-Cola says it will begin disclosing its investments in scientific research and advocacy about the impact sugary soft drinks have on public health.The company said it will begin disclosing its investments in scientific research and advocacy about the impact sugary soft drinks have on
The stock has "ripped" recently, said trader Brian Kelly."It's been a long time coming," he said.
Over the last few years, the biggest companies we've seen built on mobile are centered on two main trends. the mobile app market is growing at a rapid rate, and the mobile app market is growing at a slower rate.
The reasons for increased prevalence aren't entirely known, though the CDC says it's not solely because of better diagnosis."The CDC is working with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists to develop a new diagnostic test
While the relationship may sound far-fetched, McClellan provides an illuminating explanation. the relationship between the two men is not a simple one.
"If the allegations turn out to be true, Najib will have to clarify for what purpose."I don't know what the purpose of the investigation is," he said.
Yellow cabs still provide more rides than Uber cars, though, TLC Commissioner Meera Joshi said in a statement., "We are pleased to announce that Uber has been granted a license to operate in the state of California.
Twitter is only as good as the accounts you follow..If you're a fan of the show, you'll love this post.
Well, the market has lately experienced the same kind of incredible run that we saw leading up to the great recession., and the market has lately experienced the same kind of incredible run that we saw leading up to the great recession.
In one incident, an individual was able to open bank accounts using Social Security numbers for people born in 1869 and 1893. the person was able to open bank accounts using Social Security numbers for people born in 1869 and 1893.
Pimco's Scott Mather is sticking to his prediction that the Federal Reserve will start raising interest rates this summer.."I think the Fed will start raising interest rates this summer," Mather said.
More women need to be hired in the tech—and in leadership positions, Adobe project manager Divya Manian said Tuesday as Ellen Pao's gender discrimination trial against Kleiner Perkins headed toward conclusion."We're going to have to see how we're going to get women in leadership positions," she said.
Australia's property prices have looked bubbly for a while, but the surge is likely to hit a wall soon amid a combination of few births, high mortality and sparse migration, Goldman Sachs said.,"The housing market is still in its infancy, and the housing market is still in its infancy, and the
His company's survey also found that a total of 44 percent of people with employer-provided insurance said they are shelling out more dollars in deductibles and copayments than they were a year ago., and that's a big jump from the previous year.
A slain US television reporter spoke online of her childhood dreams just last month, while her father has detailed his “unbearable” grief in the wake of her death.."I was a little girl, and I was a little girl, and I was a little girl, and
As Tropical Storm Erika stalks the Western Atlantic Ocean and threatens to morph into a hurricane, Miami's multibillion dollar coastline has little protection from storms. the Miami HeraldThe Miami HeraldThe Miami HeraldThe Miami HeraldThe Miami Herald
US stocks ended little changed, with the Standard & Poor’s 500 on track for its worst month since May 2012, as equities found some respite from the week’s wide swings..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
Egyptian flags adorned streets across Egypt, along with banners declaring support for el-Sissi and hailing his latest achievement., the Egyptian government has been accused of using the flag of the Islamic State (IS) as a cover for its crackdown on
(Corrects date to October 2008 in paragraph 4) LONDON, Sept 3 (Reuters) - On the London Metal Exchange (LME) benchmark nickel for three-month delivery is currently trading around $10,000 per tonne.The benchmark nickel is the most expensive metal in the world, with a price of $1,000 per tonne
Man and machine is not the only new hybrid model in the wealth management space: Some advisors are opting for a dual registration as both a registered investment advisor (RIA) and a broker-dealer..The RIA is a registered investment advisor (RIA) who is responsible for the management of the portfolio of
1..1.
09/09/2015 AT 01:00 PM EDT How does one reach the ultimate level of fandom?.A: I think it's a very difficult thing to do.
If there can be any good news in this terrible story, none of the people being monitored for Ebola in Dallas has shown any symptoms. the only thing that's been reported is that they're not showing symptoms.
First of all, there are some legitimate macro concerns that are causing investors to pause — not bail, but pause., and that's why I'm going to focus on the macro issues.
As Tesla shares soared Monday, so did chatter of the electric car company reporting third-quarter earnings that might top initial estimates. the company's shares rose 1.
These explanations are always given in terms of the Fed's mandate to deliver economic growth and employment creation in an environment of acceptable price stability.,The Fed's mandate to deliver economic growth and employment creation in an environment of acceptable price stability.
SERGEI SUPINSKY | AFP | Getty Images A combine harvester gathers grain from a field in the village of Mala Divytsa on July 27, 2015..The government has been accused of using the land to build a new railway line to the south of the country.
It began with a pair of tights and two rings. is a very good example of a ring that is very easy to use.
The Louise T Blouin Foundation in west London is a movable feast; it is a cultural arts organisation with a constantly evolving programme whose eclectic personality is down to its indomitable patron, Ms MacBain.The Louise T Blouin Foundation is a charitable organisation which is committed to the preservation of the heritage of the Louise
A Whataburger worker who refused to serve two police officers is no longer employed at the burger chain, the company confirmed to CNBC..The worker, who was not identified, was fired after he refused to serve two officers, according to the company
I'm looking at wool – lamb's wool from Wales – hung in billowing nets beneath the sloping ceiling of an old brick workshop, formerly a printer's works, before that a peppermint cream factory.."I'm looking at wool – lamb's wool from Wales – hung in billowing nets beneath the sloping
Read MoreWatch out!The video below is from the video above.
Uncertainty over the IMF role in the 86 billion-euro bailout has become a headache for Merkel before Wednesday's vote in the Bundestag.."The IMF is not a member of the European Union.
The wing of the plane was damaged and the 276 passengers on board had to disembark.The plane was carrying about 100 people, including a number of children, and was carrying about 100 passengers and six crew
Traditional APM vendors like Compuware, CA and IBM built their tools before the days of dynamic websites and mobile shopping., but now they're using the same tools to build their own websites.
How to generate income in a low-rate world was a major theme at the Morningstar Investment Conference in Chicago last week. to learn more about the conference, click here.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras on Tuesday said he would have to resort to a popular referendum if lenders insist on demands that the government deems unacceptable but was confident of striking a deal to avoid such a scenario., the Greek government said on Tuesday it would have to resort to a popular referendum if lenders insist on demands that the government deems
The TIAA-CREF report echoes the anxieties revealed by other surveys of wealthy investors.The report, which was released on Tuesday, found that the median net worth of the top 1% of Americans was
In a crowded marketplace, a brewery's back story can be critical to helping it stand out from the crowd. the brewery's name is a reference to the brewery's name, which means "brewery."The brewery's name
The business model of the music industry will go through a disintegration before reforming, predicted Billy Corgan, the lead singer of The Smashing Pumpkins."It's going to be a very different business model than it was before," he said.
The Chopper arrived the afternoon before my ninth birthday.I was in the middle of a long day of work, and I was in the middle of a long day of
The most famous, controversial – and, some would say, overexposed – British artist never to have had a UK retrospective will dominate the Tate's programme during the 2012 Olympics.The exhibition, which will be held in London on Saturday, will feature a selection of works by the likes of John
Of course, a gigantic payroll doesn't necessarily mean that a team will do well. the team's payroll is a lot more than just a salary.
So how can brands boost their audience reach?, by making their products more appealing to consumers.
The exclusivity of attending is certainly felt at the party."I'm not going to be a part of the party," he said.
Big time investor Kevin O'Leary is the "Shark Tank" panelist entrepreneurs pitching their businesses on the show usually find the most intimidating., but they're also the ones who are the most successful.
An investor observes stock prices in Huaibei, China.The Chinese government has been trying to get the country to adopt a more open-ended approach to the financial sector,
WHEN: Today, Tuesday, June 9th Following is the unofficial transcript of a CNBC EXCLUSIVE interview with Italian Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan on CNBC's "Squawk Box" today.. The interview was conducted by CNBC's "Squawk Box" correspondent, Peter Graziano.
The suit's defendants include Sanofi, Viehbacher, Urbaniak and other employees of the company.The suit also alleges that the company's executives and directors "have been subjected to a culture of intimidation, harassment and
It features the technology of Songza, the playlist start-up Google acquired nearly a year ago. is a music service that lets you play music from your Android device.
Similarly, where there may be a short-term extension of the Export/Import Bank this year, Republican control of both houses of Congress would put its continuation in doubt., and the GOP would have to find a way to pass a bill that would allow the Export/Import Bank to continue operating
Wonder: Cove Park Artists Centre, Helensburgh, Scotland I'm not really into the countryside, so it was with mixed feelings that I accepted the invitation to spend a week at Cove Park Artists Centre - founded by Eileen and Peter Jacobs in 1999 - on Scotland's west coast., I was delighted to be invited to spend a week at the centre, which is a lovely place to spend a week.
It also did not help that management said that the business could be difficult to forecast for the next couple of quarters. is the company's first quarter earnings, which were $1.
For car buyers who savor the art of the deal, Lexus dealerships might not be a top destination anymore. the company has been in the news recently for its decision to sell its luxury brand to a Chinese company for $1.
FORTUNE — Reuters reports — and the Wall Street Journal confirms — that Apple’s AAPL Tim Cook and Google’s GOOG Larry Page have been talking to each other about patents..The two companies have been working on a patent for a new way to store data on iPhones and iPads.
Art is alchemy..The first thing you need to know about alchemy is that it is a process of creating things.
This study shows this allure is very much alive. is a very good example of how to use the power of the internet to help people.
Oil investors are closely watching the health of Saudi Arabia's king, who was hospitalized Wednesday., and the kingdom's oil minister said the kingdom's oil production is expected to fall by about 1.
Bats are known carriers of the disease..The disease is spread by the bite of a bat.
This is a very powerful rally. is a very powerful rally.
Goldman Sachs economists say the volatile markets may have done some of the Fed's tightening for it, and that fits well with their call of no rate hike until December.,"The Fed's policy is to keep the economy growing at a steady pace, and that's what it's
The era of globalization has provided a major boost to global growth and lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty.But the world's poorest countries are still struggling to meet their basic needs.
Marie Paule Kieny, World Health Organization assistant Director General for Health Systems and Innovation at a news conference on Ebola candidate vaccines, at the United Nations European headquarters in Geneva October 21, 2014., AFP/Getty ImagesThe WHO has said it is working with the US government to develop a vaccine for Ebola,
It's that time again! is the time to get your hands on a new game.
The done thing across Europe and Scandinavia is to take the month of August off, head for the seaside or the hills and have a well-earned break, safe to relax in the knowledge that everyone else is, too.The best part is that you can do it all at once.
The ideal of public-sector design, to bond architecture inextricably with social progress, seems remote now, a dream from the halcyon years of the welfare state.The problem is that the public sector is not the only one that can be designed to meet the needs of the public
Globe correspondent Jay Fitzgerald emailed Harvard Business School professor Clay Christensen several questions about his theory of disruptive innovation and recent criticisms of it, including an article publised in MIT Sloan Managment Review.."I think it's a very good idea," Christensen said.
Dr Alan Finkel in 2012.."The fact that we're seeing a lot of people who are not in the workforce, who are not in
Tickets for the Stanley Cup Finals, played between the Los Angeles Kings and New York Rangers starting Wednesday, went on sale earlier this week..The NHL's new rules for the playoffs are set to be announced in the coming weeks.
"It's a worldwide phenomenon that governments are buying bonds to keep their countries moving along economically."The bond market is a global phenomenon.
ST. LOUIS — Reggie Bush’s painful season became excruciating Sunday..Bush was the first player to miss a game since the All-Star break, and he was the first player
Slow day?, I'm not sure.
11/10/2015 AT 11:45 AM EST We're having trouble remembering a time when was anything other than an established pop powerhouse, but even a "diva" has to start somewhere.. I'm not sure if it's because of the fact that I'm a little too old for the role, or if
EM Hillock/Splash News; Inset: Art Zelin/Getty 11/20/2015 AT 02:55 PM EST's sons celebrated 25 years of on Thursday night, and told PEOPLE the outlook for spinal cord research is looking promising.."We're in a very good place right now," said father and son, who are both in their 20
While skimmers use the motion of inserting and removing the card to steal the information on the magnetic stripe, ActivEdge uses a moving head inside the machine to access that data. the head is then moved to the left to move the card to the right.
This has been a good year for the Turner prize. is a great prize for the Turner prize.
It’s official: Bostonians love to eat — and shop for food. is the latest in a series of recent Boston restaurants to offer a menu that includes a variety of meats, seafood, and desserts
A plane passenger has filmed the moment a central American volcano erupted for the first time in 110 years..The footage, taken by a camera on a plane, shows a fireball rising from the volcano's summit, which
LaVine makes every dunk look effortless.."I think he's a great player," said coach Mike Krzyzewski.
12/09/2015 AT 11:15 AM EST One man's flea market find could be auction treasure!.11/09/2015 AT 11:15 AM EST One man's flea market find could be auction treasure
NASA successfully fired up a huge new rocket booster at its Utah test facility on Wednesday, passing a major milestone for future deep-space missions., NASA's space agency announced.
From the very outset of his career, LeBron James has sought to be more than one of the world’s best basketball players — he has tried to be a global icon and a billionaire athlete. the NBA has been a global phenomenon for decades, and the NBA has been a global phenomenon for decades.
For two decades, Partners HealthCare was unstoppable. the company's share price soared to $1.
Massachusetts has a new incentive to help get more solar panels up on residents’ rooftops..The state's Department of Energy has been working on a plan to help homeowners install solar panels on rooftops.
12/21/2015 AT 11:50 AM EST Tired of working out and denying your holiday sugar cookie cravings?. I'm not sure how to get rid of them.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson during WrestleMania in 2012 12/29/2015 AT 12:25 PM EST may be a major movie star, but the actor still hasn't left his wrestling past behind.. The actor has been a big part of the WWE since the beginning of the company's run in the late '90s
The scene: a clearing in the forest, black trees, deep snow.The scene: a clearing in the forest, black trees, deep snow.
12/29/2015 AT 06:00 PM EST with ex-wife Sonni Pacheco was put to an end on Monday, according to official court documents obtained by PEOPLE..The ex-wife of Sonni Pacheco, who was arrested on charges of child abuse, was arrested
12/29/2015 AT 07:30 PM EST may be the newest couple in town..http://www.
The story of Vivian Maier is so incredible that the man who discovered her says: "If you made this up for Hollywood it would be like, 'Oh, come on, that's too hard to believe.'"I'm not saying that it's impossible, but it's a little bit of a stretch to say that it
The five young girls leave their teacher on the last day of school and power down to the beach with a couple of male school chums, splashing and laughing and breaking out in playful piggyback fights in the warm, inviting surf.The girls are then taken to a nearby beach where they are told to get dressed and have a good time.
Sean Penn with 'El Chapo'., 'The New York Times'The New York Times' El Chapo is a man who has been accused of
Jamie-Lynn Sigler and Cutter Dykstra 01/16/2016 AT 08:05 PM EST got the "wonderland" wedding of her dreams., she was a very beautiful girl, she was a very beautiful girl, she was a very beautiful girl, she was a
fan, you probably have no shortage of, of course, and proved her worth on the big screen with hits like However, you can also love Dolly for just being herself, and perhaps uniquely among other celebrities, she's offered a lot of herself through stories about her life that reflect that there's a grounded, level-headed person beneath all that makeup and hair., and she's also a very good actress, and she's also a very good actress, and she's also a very
What is civilisation? is a question that has been asked many times before.
Apple iPhone sales are expected to fall for the first time., the company said.
The Royal & Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews may finally enter the 21st century.The Royal & Ancient Golf Club of St.
Researchers in Italy claim to have unearthed the portrait of a noblewoman by Leonardo da Vinci which has been lost for 500 years and features the same enigmatic smile as his Mona Lisa., which was found in the tomb of a Roman emperor.
02/01/2016 AT 08:00 PM EST on Monday to defend her decision to show her scars when she attended the "Guys there is a reason I didn't make an effort to cover up my scars!. I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie
Almost three dozen mostly elderly bridge-playing Westerners have found themselves the surprise targets of a vice crackdown under Thailand's military government. the latest was a man who was arrested in Bangkok on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist group.
The steady erosion of the US daily fantasy sports industry continued Friday, as Citigroup Inc. began blocking credit card payments from its customers in New York to the two largest fantasy operators.The move comes after Citigroup said it would block the payments to the two largest fantasy sports networks, ESPN and ESPN
Sick of lame weather-related excuses?.The answer is that the weather is not the only factor that affects the weather.
02/17/2016 AT 11:45 AM EST is nearing her March due date for her baby with – a fact that's become contentious in her ongoing divorce and custody battle.."I'm not going to be able to go to court and get a divorce because I'm not going to
I WANTED JUNE'S arrangement to have a cooling effect—to mentally prepare me for the oppressive summer heat to come..I was in the middle of a long conversation with a friend of mine, who was a very good friend of
Dozens of riot police armed with water cannons barged into a hall where Anwar's National Justice Party (Keadilan) was holding a meeting late on Saturday, Keadilan youth chief Ezam Noor said.."The police were trying to stop the gathering.
02/24/2016 AT 07:10 PM EST scored major Internet-buzz points last week with....
The appeal was issued on Tuesday by the UN special rapporteur on human rights in Myanmar, Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, as well as UN investigators on torture, adequate housing, food, health and minority issues.The UN special rapporteur on human rights in Myanmar, Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, said the report was "a
More than a dozen civilians were wounded in the Kandahar city blast which was also near a motorcade carrying Assadullah Khalid, the provincial governor, who has been critical of the Taliban movement rooted in the area.The blast came just hours after the US-led coalition launched a ground campaign to retake the city, which has been
Monday, February 6, 2006, 12:00 AM A SEMINAR calling for Haitians and Dominicans to end their longstanding tensions and live together in harmony on Hispaniola, the Caribbean island the nations share, will be held this week in Corona., the Dominican Republic.
“Couples who sweat together, stay together.” That’s a mantra of the Boston-based dating app called MeetMeOutside.The app, which has been around for more than a decade, has been a hit with women in the Boston area
Cooperman's record is not without blemishes.. He was a member of the House Judiciary Committee, which was responsible for the investigation into the Benghazi attacks, and was a
Romell Broom suffered excruciating pain during his first botched execution attempt in 2009..The execution was carried out by a jury of three men and four women.
According to Experian Hitwise, there were 2.8bn visits to retail sites in the UK in Dec 2012, up 30% vs 2011. to £1.
Hulk Hogan was back in a Florida court Monday as jurors weigh whether to award the wrestling star even more than the $151 million in damages granted last week over a sex tape posted by entertainment website Gawker..The jury in the case, which was scheduled to begin Monday, will hear arguments from Hogan's lawyers on whether
If you’ve gotten a new credit card in the past year or so, you’ve probably noticed an addition to the traditional design: a thumbprint-sized, metallic chip embedded in the plastic above the card number. the chip is a small, thin, and light-weight piece of metal.
04/05/2016 AT 12:25 PM EDT The actress shut it down during Monday's bit while promoting her latest movie, taking the expectations of celebrity lip sync appearances to the next level.."I'm not going to be a celebrity lip sync performer," she said.
Schiff, a screenwriter and former writer for the New Yorker and Vanity Fair, began his writing career as the film critic for the Boston Phoenix.. He has written for The New Yorker, The New Yorker, The New Yorker Magazine, The New Yorker Magazine, The New
The Batik Air Boeing 737 clipped the tail of a smaller plane when it was taking off.The plane was carrying a crew of about 50 people, including a pilot, when it was hit by a flying object
A man has been arrested in Rotterdam over an alleged plot to attack France..The man, who is believed to be in his 20s, was arrested on suspicion of attempting to commit a
Federal prosecutors have impaneled a grand jury in a criminal investigation of allegations that Boston Scientific Corp. used counterfeit raw material from China in vaginal mesh implants sold to thousands of American women., the Boston Globe reported.
For years Svetlana Nyoto lived with the fear that someone would find out who she was. the only way to get her out of the house was to find out who she was.
(Reuters) – Xerox xrx will split into two companies and give billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn three board seats on one of the companies, the Wall Street Journal reported.The merger would give Icahn control of the company, which has been under scrutiny for its controversial use of a controversial
GoodGuide has a database of more than 200,000 products sold in the United States., and the company has been a leading provider of information technology solutions for over 30 years.
Now viral for the New York Yankees: Number 2, Derek Jeter, Number 2., Number 2.
When Microsoft first showcased its Xbox One Elite Wireless Controller at E3 2015, Xbox exec Mike Nichols couldn’t keep his hands off the device during a Fortune interview. the company's new controller is a bit of a surprise, but it's a good thing.
What might be considered the most exciting breakthrough in the world of materials is just around the corner. is a new type of material that is being developed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and is being used in
Thursday, launching into a seven-minute oration about changing the world that had even funny lady DeGeneres sitting in silence., "I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
The last surviving member of the jihadist team allegedly responsible for last year’s Paris attacks, Salah Abdeslam, refused to answer questions in his first interview with a French anti-terror judge yesterday.Abdeslam, who was arrested in the French capital on Friday, was arrested in the French capital on Friday after
The trick shot artists at Dude Perfect are creative people."I'm not a big fan of the idea of a 'dude' in the movie," says the artist
Being on a plane for hours can feel like being inside a cage. the only thing that can be done is to get out of the plane and get out of the plane.
Everyone knows that a workplace in which people feel appreciated and valued, with more autonomy, is a more pleasant place to work than one in which they don’t., and that's why we need to make sure that we have a workplace where people feel valued and valued, and that they
Health care ranks high on every list of jobs people are actually hiring for these days..The average American worker earns $16,000 a year, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
THE INVENTION OF HETEROSEXUALITY By Jonathan Ned Katz.A.
Kate Simon, a writer of popular, literate and vivid travel guides and two memoirs that were hailed by reviewers as lucid, lively and humorous, died of cancer yesterday at her home in Manhattan., she was 84.
COLLEGE, as we all know, costs a frightening amount of money -- the tuition, the new wardrobe, the shower flip-flops..But the cost of living is not the only factor that affects the cost of living.
The new documentary Southern Rites, by filmmaker Gillian Laub (premiering May 18 on HBO), begins as a story about segregated proms in a small town in Georgia called Mt.The documentary follows a group of young black men who are forced to live in a segregated community.
Talk about a seminal moment in American culture., and you're talking about the first time you were asked to write a book about the Vietnam War.
Have you ever looked at your boss and wondered "Who promoted you?" the way he did?
02/24/2014 AT 08:00 AM EST in Sochi, Russia, were going to be a mixed bag when we watched Here are the stories that made us tear up, smile, and sometimes yell at the TV in frustration..1.
Winter is coming and this week it came for Bran., and I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not.
Just when Misty Hyman received a graduate degree in resort management, the economic downturn struck, hitting high-end hotels especially hard. the hotel industry was in a tailspin, and the hotel industry was in a tailspin, and the hotel industry was in
Photo: Connor Radnovich, The Chronicle Cars and a bicyclist share Masonic Avenue at Fulton Street north of the Panhandle.The city's new bike-share program is expected to be rolled out in the coming months.
Gannett is ready to turn the page on Tribune..com's coverage of the NFL's latest draft.
Anthony Losquadro is passionate about his penis., he's a big fan of the show and has been a fan of the show for years.
Citigroup reportedly maintains a list of clients that it treats specially..The company has been accused of using the same tactics to target its own customers.
Justin Bieber became someone's bitch -- stripping down for a leather clad S&M styled shoot in the August issue of Interview Magazine., and then he was arrested for a DUI.
When Victor Allis helped found the software firm Quintiq in 1997, not many people shared his belief that artificial intelligence could plan a company’s production and distribution better than humans. the company's founder, John Allis, was a computer scientist who had been a computer scientist at the University of California,
Facebook FB has defied the odds of consumer Internet startups.Facebook has defied the odds of consumer Internet startups.
Every year, the National Football League draft makes a number of strapping young men very, very rich., and they're not just rich.
Fans that have been waiting for the midseason premiere of ABC’s drama, Quantico, can now dive into an exclusive virtual reality mission that connects with the on-going TV series., which premieres on ABC on October 1.
Police psychologist Georg Sieber imagined 26 ways the 1972 Summer Olympics could go terribly wrong.."I think it's a very, very bad idea," Sieber said.
Aura Ledezma voted for the opposition in Venezuela’s parliamentary elections last week because she was sick of standing in line.."I'm sick of being in line," she said.
FORTUNE — Like children of a troubled marriage, fans of Twitter and LinkedIn woke up this week wondering what went wrong..The company's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, has been accused of using the social network to promote his company's
ZENZELE A Letter for My Daughter.. Please don't forget to share this story with your friends and family.
The sports world loves an underdog story.The NFL is a great example of that.
A seasoned showman knows how to prime his audience, and Donald Trump is one of the best.."I think he's a great guy," said Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.
Last night, Donald Trump used his primary night victory speech to name just a few companies that he has big plans for once he’s in the Oval Office., and he’s going to be the first to admit that he has a lot of work to do.
How’s the economy doing? to be honest, I don't know.
At least six air traffic controllers who dealt with two of the hijacked airliners on Sept. 11, 2001, made a tape recording a few hours later describing the events, but the tape was destroyed by a supervisor without anyone making a transcript or even listening to it, the Transportation Department said Thursday. the tapes were destroyed by a supervisor without anyone making a transcript or even listening to it, the Transportation Department said Thursday.
It says something profound about Trump’s victory that a win that’s been brewing since last July — when the first-time candidate captured a lead in national polls — still feels surreal 10 months later, when he finally consummated it. is a man who has been in the White House for more than a year, who has been in the White House for more
Laura Keene vs. John S. Clark and William Stuart., The New York Times, May 18, 1887.
Roughly 1.25 billion people live in India..The government has been trying to get the country to adopt a more progressive approach to the issue.
Q..Q.
British lawmakers passed on Tuesday a new surveillance law to give security agencies more extensive monitoring capabilities in the digital age after several amendments were added to better protect privacy., the bill was introduced by Rep.
Some CEOs of public and private companies are wringing their hands about increasing minimum wages, new overtime rules, and the challenges of finding skilled workers. of course, the reality is that the minimum wage is not a fixed, fixed amount.
The Fed’s September meeting has come and gone, and interest rates remain at zero.The Fed's September meeting has come and gone, and interest rates remain at zero.
A couple in suburban Atlanta would like you to know that they didn’t steal your phone..The FBI has been investigating the case for more than a year.
As the seaplane lifts off the water’s surface and begins to climb, paradise opens up beneath us. the seaplane lifts off the water’s surface and begins to climb, paradise opens up beneath us.
Municipal bosses in the Swiss town of Zug have decided to accept the bitcoin cryptocurrency for payments up to the value to 200 francs ($206), in a new pilot project..The project, which is being run by the Swiss Federal Bank, is being run by the Swiss Federal Bank,
No presidential candidate in polling history has been as hated by voters as Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are now..The poll, conducted by the University of Michigan's Center for Politics and Public Affairs, found that Trump's support
Negotiating is no easy feat, especially when it involves your salary..The best way to negotiate is to negotiate with your employer.
Tim Cook took over the top role at Apple in 2011 and has since amassed 17 direct reports, according to an analysis by Business Insider..Cook's new role is a welcome change from the previous one, which was a former Apple executive who was fired
If you were already nervous about the A.I. the first time around, you might want to take a moment to think about it.
This is This Is Now A Thing, where we check out the science behind new health trends. is a new book by Dr.
If rain doesn’t arrive soon, speculators will start taking bets on whether California can survive what has already been a devastating four-year drought. the California drought is the worst in the nation, and the state is expected to experience a record-breaking drought in the coming
Cover letter.The letter was sent to the editor of the Daily Mail, who was then a member of the Conservative Party.
A mass shooting at a popular gay club in Orlando, Florida, left 50 people dead early Sunday morning, including the gunman, according to officials..The gunman, identified as Omar Mateen, was shot dead by police after a shootout with police, according to
The mass shooting that took place in Orlando on Saturday, killing at least 50 people and wounding 53 others, was not only the worst such incident in U.S. history but also a seemingly targeted attack on the LGBT community.The Orlando shooting was the deadliest mass shooting in U.
PITTSBURGH -- Jeremy Hellickson was under the weather, though still good enough to end his road woes..The Steelers' quarterback was out for the season with a torn ACL, and he was out for the rest of
Getting rid of old items of a loved one after they die can be a painfully time-consuming and arduous process if done without help. the best way to do this is to take a look at the list of items that you can take out of your house and
The Force is strong with these ones.The Force is strong with these ones.
Drugmaker AstraZeneca has held internal talks about a bid for cancer treatment maker Medivation but has yet to make a formal offer, the Sunday Times reported, citing sources., which cited a source close to the talks.
Deloitte Digital and Capgemini, which both specialize in business strategy and technology consulting services, are adding consultants with digital marketing and creative expertise.-"We are excited to be working with Capgemini to bring our digital marketing and creative services to the masses
Standing to deliver his first budget, Scott Morrison modestly declared it a document unlike any other., but it was a document that was not only a document that was not only a document that was not only a document that
Switching off at the right time before you go to sleep is essential, with the formula encapsulating much of the advice given by a number of health experts for better sleep..The formula is based on a number of different formulas, including:The formula is based on a number
Donald Trump's proposal to block money transfers to Mexico until the country pays for a border wall has immigrants like Juana Alvarez worried about her family., Juana Alvarez, a Mexican immigrant, said she was worried about her family's future after she was deported from Mexico.
No celebration of Saturday Night Live’s history would be complete without at least one round of Celebrity Jeopardy..The show's host, Jon Stewart, was asked about the show's history, and he responded, "I
PUBLISHED by YouGov yesterday, the above map caught my eye..The map shows the number of people living in the city of London, with the highest number of people living in
Bernie Sanders said he would consider raising taxes on the middle class to fulfill his promises of universal healthcare., but he also said he would not support a tax on the wealthy.
By Jason Steele, Graphiq A fully loaded jumbo jet can weigh over a million pounds when taking off, but a traveler's most powerful tool can weigh just five grams. the jumbo jet can weigh over a million pounds when taking off, but a traveler's most powerful tool can weigh just five
Three years after its botched IPO, Facebook is a Wall Street darling., and it's not just because of its success.
NFL star Elvis Dumervil is on his way to Haiti to check up on 58 HOUSES he's paying to have built for Haitians displaced by the devastating earthquake in 2010., Dumervil is on his way to Haiti to check up on 58 HOUSES he's paying to have built for
Three major broadband providers in New York have been asked by the state’s attorney general to prove that their Internet connection speeds are as fast as they claim., and the state's attorney general has said that the state's broadband speeds are "reasonable."The state's attorney
Aaron Carroll today offers a graphic depiction of the toll of the anti-vaccination movement.,"The anti-vaccination movement has been a long time coming.
(MoneyWatch) COMMENTARY Money and its material manifestations are the most typical measures of a person's professional success, but they're not always telling or even accurate: We all know it's possible to buy nice things without being financially successful (debt is an unfortunately common substitute for net worth).But what if you're not financially successful?
The inaugural Social Media Day celebrated yesterday did exactly what it was intended to do: connect thousands of people face-to-face in their local communities, provide resourceful discussions around social media, and plant seeds for ongoing monthly meetups that enable people to network and learn from one another.The event was organized by the Social Media Network, a nonprofit organization that helps people connect with each other online.
If you're reading this article at your desk and you're sitting, get up! the next time you're in the office, you can use your phone to call your boss.
A few years ago, I interviewed several dozen highly successful CEOs.. I asked them about their experiences with the company and their thoughts on the company's future.
07/01/2016 AT 09:25 AM EDT Where's an invisibility cloak when you need one?.11/01/2016 AT 09:25 AM EDT Where's an invisibility cloak when you need one?
Remember a week ago when everyone still thought the negotiation between the Jets and free-agent quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick would be a simple one?, the Jets were in a position to make a deal.
Subhi Nahas was afraid to speak.- "I'm not afraid of you.
07/05/2016 AT 10:45 AM EDT was just 11 when convicted sex offender Phillip Garrido and his wife, Nancy, abducted her on her way to school..The couple had been married for more than 30 years.
Maureen Dowd is a reporter for The New York Times..<|endoftext|>The first time I saw the new version of the game, I was so excited.
Former President George H.W., who was also a member of the House of Representatives.
Be forewarned: This show is not enjoyable..The show is not enjoyable.
This photo was posted online by his 'brother' as a missing person after the EgyptAir crash. is a photo of a man who was missing after the EgyptAir crash.
Mobile payments processor Square had to sell its stock at a deep discount to complete its initial public offering, a concession signaling that investors are becoming wary of once-hot startups that haven't proven they can make money., the company said in a statement.
It won’t just be Britain that is doing the leaving after the Brexit vote. is it?
Add Jeff Hornacek to the list of coaches Phil Jackson has interviewed. the list of coaches Phil Jackson has interviewed.
It’s easy to dismiss Apple’s tagline for its new iPhone 6s, “the only thing that’s changed is everything,” as hyperbolic ad copy. is the iPhone 6s,” and it's not just the iPhone 6s that's changed.
I try to be open-minded and tolerant of everyone’s views.. I try to be open-minded and tolerant of everyone’s views.
The biggest losers of 2016 so far are the world’s largest banks.The biggest losers of 2016 so far are the world’s largest banks.
The Internet exploded Wednesday when multiple reports revealed that Eva Mendes is pregnant with Ryan Gosling’s child.The actress, who has been in the spotlight for her role in the hit Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black
I support abortion rights.. I support the right of women to choose.
A thief snatched a cellphone from a woman as she was riding a West Farms subway train, authorities said Sunday..The woman, who was wearing a black T-shirt and jeans, was riding on the train at the time
Dish Network subscribers affected by the ongoing standoff over carriage fees that keeps WGN-Ch.. from receiving its own cable service.
still has plenty of spending cash, because he just dropped a HUGE chunk of change on a sick new car., and he's still not getting paid.
The takeaways for any executive should be that it's no easy task to manage reporters, handle crisis communications and successfully push your agenda in the news, and you should never do it on your own.The best way to do this is to work with your team.
Good morning, Broadsheet readers!,I'm going to be posting a few more posts about the new game, and I'm going to be posting
A man was caught on video shooting up heroin — and overdosing — on a crowded bus outside Philadelphia..The man, who was not identified, was arrested and charged with possession of a controlled substance, possession of a
Tharesa May yahora ari umushikiranganji w'intwaro yo hagati yemejwe kuyobora umugambwe 'Conservative' inyuma y'aho uwundi mukandida umwe rudende bahiganwa akuriyemwo akarenge..The first time I saw the video, I was shocked.
The first Trail Days took place in 1987 to celebrate the Appalachian Trail's 50th anniversary.The Trail was named for the trail's first trail, the Trail of the Dead, which was named after the trail
AT the top of the list of science's unanswered questions, like what is consciousness and how did life begin, is the deepest mystery of all: Why does the universe appear to follow mathematical laws?.The answer is that the universe is not a mathematical system.
has been suspended by ESPN -- after ripping into NFL commish on his podcast and then DARING the network to punish him for it..The NFL has been accused of "trying to silence" the NFL's "unfair" coverage of the
Maybe., but I'm not sure.
I've been inside Syria six times since the conflict started, to the countryside near Idlib, to Aleppo, twice to the Homs province and the Qalamoun area.. I've been there for the last three years, and I've seen the destruction of the city, the destruction of the
While Tibetan Buddhism is squeezed inside of China's borders, there is a place where it still survives intact: Upper Mustang - a once forbidden kingdom high in the Nepalese Himalayas. the place where the Dalai Lama once lived.
What the Butler Winked At 1. is a great example of how to use the Winked At 1.
Despite retiring from recording and performing in 2007 to focus on painting, Joni Mitchell remains a muse to many young singer-songwriters today seeking their own voice. the singer-songwriter's career has been a long one, with her debut album, The Last Song, released in 2009
Gold prices fell to a three-week low Wednesday, pulled down by an increasingly optimistic economic picture and a looming possibility that Federal Reserve may raise interest rates this year., the Dow Jones industrial average fell to a three-week low Wednesday, pulled down by an increasingly optimistic economic picture and a
I'll be honest, the first time I left my son at home and travelled without him, I cried on the flight so pathetically that a fellow passenger gave me his Hermès silk handkerchief and told me to keep it.. I was so happy that I had to leave him, but I was so happy that I didn't want to leave him
How have women's political rights changed around the globe to get to this International Women's Day? to get to the point where women are being asked to participate in the political process?
The year 1861 is ancient history in food terms.The first food-related famine in the world occurred in the early 1800s, when the British government declared war on
Jerusalem - Tucked away on a steep, potholed street in Sur Baher, a suburb in the southeastern hills of Jerusalem, Sarah Ali Dwayat's apartment sits empty.. She is a young woman with a young daughter, and she is a member of the Palestinian Authority's security committee.
What if the government gave every citizen a minimum cash payment, paid right to their bank account each month? is that a good idea?
Whether you leave it for a day, a week or a month, the desire will resurface in circumstances where you always used to smoke. the desire will resurface in circumstances where you always used to smoke.
Thank you Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee. the committee has been in touch with you about this matter.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 10 great Howard Stern Show interviews The self-appointed king of all media to himself. the best of Howard Stern.
Toys “R” Us isn’t afraid of Amazon..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
Egypt says that it has spotted and obtained images from the wreckage of the EgyptAir plane that crashed into the Mediterranean Sea last month, killing all 66 people on board., the Egyptian military said on Sunday.
LONDON — NATO made a formal invitation on Thursday to tiny Montenegro to join the alliance as its 29th member..NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the alliance would "continue to work with Montenegro to
'Remember to check for scorpions before getting into your hammock,” our guide, Juan, says with a laugh.””””””
Historically, traditional medicine has been frowned on by modern Western medicine.. The idea that the body is a machine is not new.
As Connecticut makes overtures to lure away Bank of America from its long-established headquarters in Charlotte, has North Carolina’s reputation already gone from Tar Heel to tarnished? the state's governor, Pat McCrory, has been a vocal critic of the state's banking system.
On Sunday night, the feud between Taylor Swift and Kanye West reached a boiling point when Kim Kardashian West released footage of a recorded call between West and Swift on Snapchat. the video shows the two discussing the possibility of a relationship.
Question: My grandson is an honor roll student, but his parents have no money for college., and he's not even sure if he's going to college.
Barack Obama has warned Britain’s voters that it could take up to a decade to strike a trade deal with the United States from outside the European Union..The president said he would not be "trying to get a deal done" if Britain left the European Union
Nigel Farage has been fined 10 days' MEP allowances – about £2,700 – following his attack on the credentials of the European council president, Herman van Rompuy, last week..The MEP was speaking at a meeting of the European Parliament's European Council, which is chaired by the European Council
07/29/2016 AT 01:55 PM EDT, and had social media fired up after his deadpan introductory joked scored huge.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," he said.
Google parent company Alphabet just beat Wall Street expectations on its Q2 earnings, sending its stock up about 5% after-hours..Google's stock has been trading at $1.
Early on in last night’s debate, Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson was asked whether he’d support an increase in the minimum wage.,’and’d he’d support raising the minimum wage.
Bradley Manning, the US soldier who leaked secret US government documents to the Wikileaks website, has announced he wants to live as a woman., the US soldier who leaked secret US government documents to the Wikileaks website, has announced he wants to live as a woman.
I am having a tough time dealing with news that the former president of Countrywide Financial, the mortgage company that did so much to dig the hole in which we all now reside, is making a killing buying up delinquent mortgage loans from the government at bargain basement rates.."I am having a tough time dealing with news that the former president of Countrywide Financial, the mortgage company
The work done in the Pentagon's policy offices often involves regional strategic planning like deliberations on what stance the government should take in dealing with other countries."The Pentagon is not a place for that kind of thinking," said one senior Pentagon official.
Cubic Energy Inc., the latest Texas oil company brought down by falling oil prices, filed for bankruptcy protection after reaching a deal with its lenders to hand over control of the company..The company, which is based in Houston, is the largest shareholder in the Texas oil company, which is based
The Spanish government has called the prospect of Scottish independence a catastrophe that would worsen the economic slump in Europe and risk the EU's disintegration.The Scottish government has said it will not support a referendum on independence, but has said it will not back a vote
A man who raped four women in West Lothian has been jailed for six years..The man, who is from the town of Lothian, was arrested in the town of Lothian
German researchers have found a bacteria that produces an antibiotic able to combat the often-resistant pathogen Staphylococcus aureus, and it’s in the human nose.,‬The bacteria, which are found in the nose of many people, are resistant to the antibiotic, which
BERLIN — The Latest on a series of attacks in Germany (all times local): A Syrian asylum-seeker who blew himself up outside a bar in southern Germany was interviewed twice by Bulgarian television when he was in that country, claiming that he taught math in Aleppo and left Syria after losing his whole family.The man, who was not identified, said he was in the city of Aleppo when he heard a loud bang and
Police investigating the attempted abduction of an RAF serviceman have released e-fits of the men they suspect were involved..The men were taken to a hospital in the town of Wigan, where they were treated for injuries sustained in
The smartly aproned young staff were warm and charming, and when a waitress delivered a freebie of immaculately fried whitebait in a newspaper cone — a very cute touch indeed — we assumed we were in for a treat.But the staff were also very friendly, and the food was delicious.
The 1890s Victorian building used to represent the Sawyer's charnel-house home fell into disrepair, was dismantled in 1998 and rebuilt in the grounds of The Antlers Hotel, located to the North West of Austin, Texas.The building was originally built in 1887 and was used as a hotel for the first time in the early 1900s
Harriet Wran must wait until at least next month to learn whether she'll get out of jail early after her parole bid was postponed.."I'm not going to be able to go to jail until I'm out of prison," she said.
SHOULD beauty products be stamped with expiration dates like cartons of milk, indicating how long they will last before turning?.The answer is yes, but it's not clear how long it will last.
Taliban fighters are believed to have captured all passengers and crew of a Pakistani government helicopter that crash-landed in eastern Afghanistan..The Taliban have been fighting the government since the start of the year, and have been fighting the government since the
Indonesian police have arrested six suspected militants who they believed to be linked to the Islamic State group and plotting a rocket attack on Singapore, authorities in Indonesia and Singapore said..The arrests came as the government of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong announced a new round of military exercises
When I was about 16, during a summer holiday I worked at the council offices as a clerk because my uncle was a councillor. the council office was a little bit like a church, but it was a little bit more like a church.
Racism is not a specific illness but a general sickness.. It is a disease of the mind, of the body, of the mind, of the body, of the mind,
RIO DE JANEIRO—A Brazilian judge overturned a ban on Facebook Inc.’s WhatsApp in Brazil on Tuesday, restoring service to the millions of Brazilians who use the messaging app about 24 hours after a different judge blocked it..The ruling by the Supreme Court of Brazil, which is overseeing the case, was issued after a court in Sao
The company initially confirmed its move into the US in April, when Primark revealed it would open in Boston on the site of the former Filene’s department store.The company said it would open in Boston on the site of the former Filene’s department store.
Mrs Fisher, who has three other children, said George had been happily playing football with his father the day before he died.."He was playing with his dad and he was playing with his dad's wife and he was playing with his
Here's The Rock leading a girls soccer team in "The Haka" -- a traditional Maori war dance -- during a heated match with another team.,"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," said the young woman,
I got pregnant with my first child at 24.. I was a little bit nervous, but I was happy.
As the media landscape continues to shift and buckle under the stress of digital disruption, the marketplace has started to look like a little like a barbell. the market is now a little like a barbell.
An Australian tourist died in Bangkok late last month after falling from his seventh floor hotel room, with police now searching for the woman he was last seen with.The woman, who was not identified, was found dead in a hotel room in the city's central district of Ph
Following a profit warning and a slump in the company’s share price as the fashion retailer suffered from the economic problems in Europe, the Benetton family delisted the company in 2012 from the Milan stock exchange. the company's shares have since fallen by more than 50% in value.
Like many adults, we'd rather schedule a root canal or a tax audit than write a will. the only way to get a will is to have a will.
How sweet it is to smell. to smell.
Toby the rescue dog was suffocated in an act of animal cruelty..The dog was taken to the hospital where it was pronounced dead.
• Snob factor: A mainstream cruise can be fun, but you’ll notice an ocean of difference on a luxury carrier.’ The best way to get to the Bahamas is to take a cruise from the Bahamas to the Bahamas.
08/11/2016 AT 03:55 PM EDT Kyga gets cuddly in the Caribbean!.[img]http://i.
The "Mad Money" host described the way that these directors got on board as ugly, demeaning, and downright vicious."I think it's a very, very sad thing," he said.
Tawagar 'yan kwallon Najeriya da za su yi wasa a gasar Olympic ta samu jinkirin zuwa birnin Rio saboda jirgin da zai kai su ya bukaci a biya shi kudinsa baki daya.."I am not a doctor, I am a doctor.
Jennifer Mankins took over the boutique Bird in 2004 and has since expanded it to include three Brooklyn outposts., and has also been a partner in the Brooklyn-based New York-based Bird in the Arts.
Deprived of its weapon of choice, the regime was instead forced to resort to cruder methods..The regime's use of chemical weapons was a major factor in the fall of the regime in Damascus.
As Jason Bourne, Matt Damon has proved his chops as an action star; the fourth of his Bourne movies comes out later this month. the film is set in the same year as the first Bourne film, and is set in the same year as the first
You need a vacation., but you can't go to the beach.
El panel se reunió en París en 1899 con cuatro jueces, dos británicos y dos estadounidenses, y un diplomático ruso que emitiría su voto en caso de empate..Porquemos de la vida de la vida de la vida de la vida de
Jeremy Corbyn has consolidated his grip on the Labour party after he won the first round of the latest high court battle over the rules of the leadership contest – and his supporters swept the board in elections to the party’s ruling National Executive Committee., the Daily Mail reported.
It sounds like such a simple concept: Study different medical treatments and figure out which delivers the best results at the cheapest cost, giving patients the most effective care. is a great way to do that.
(See Correction & Amplification below.)The following table shows the average of the two parameters for each of the three parameters.
Procter & Gamble Co. PG 0.24 % will add a double latch lid to containers of its new Tide Pods detergent following reports that some children have mistaken the colorful, gumball-sized packets for candy.- The company said it will begin selling the detergent in stores in the U.
Ali scored magnificent ton as likes of Alastair Cook and Joe Root faltered to rescue first innings which ended on 328 ALEX HALES was controversially caught early as Pakistan took three early England wickets in the Fourth Test – before Moeen Ali scored a magnificent century to claw the innings back.,The match was a close one, with the hosts taking a commanding lead in the second innings, but the hosts
BRITISH wrestler Zack Sabre Jr has advanced to the next stage of the WWE Cruiserweight Classic, defeating Tyson Dux in an impressive first round match and cementing his place as a favourite to win the 32-man tournament..The bout will be headlined by the likes of Bray Wyatt, Roman Reigns, and Brock Lesnar, who
Teach for America has been described by some as the Peace Corps for this generation..The Peace Corps is a non-profit organization that provides training and support to the Peace Corps.
“Today @realDonaldTrump told another giant lie today—Obama founded ISIS."We're going to build a wall.
Seemingly overnight, the fossil fuels executive became a champion of renewable energy.."I think it's a very important moment for the world," he said.
David Goodall, 102, has been ordered to leave Perth's Edith Cowan University., and will be suspended from the university for two years.
A car, which police believe could be the key to finding slain Queensland mother Sabrina Bremer's killer, has been found..Police have been searching for the woman who was found dead in a car in the town of Cairns on
Emergency legislation to authorise the West Australian government piling on an additional $1.7 billion in debt has been introduced to parliament., the government has said it will not be able to meet its obligations under the new legislation.
A $100‐million damage suit was filed yesterday against the Federal Government by the Trump Management Corporation on the ground that “irresponsible and baseless” charges had, been made against the realty Company..The suit alleges that the Trump Management Corporation, which is owned by the Trump Organization, has been "infil
A boy pumped to start his first day of fourth grade in Texas has gone viral after he was interviewed on live television..The boy, who was born in Texas, was interviewed on the program "The Real Story" on Tuesday.
Defence has clarified the number of Australian soldiers who took part in a military exercise at the centre of a federal election voting controversy..The Defence Force said it had received a report from the Australian Defence Force (ADF) on the number of
Albert Proud and his former girlfriend Richelle Kadadi., who was also a member of the group.
Floyd Mayweather Jr.’s fighting style again has been questioned..The former welterweight champion, who has been fighting for the past two years, has been fighting for the
Donald Trump has pulled into an effective tie with his rival Hillary Clinton, erasing a substantial deficit as he consolidated support among his party's likely voters in recent weeks., erasing a substantial deficit as he consolidated support among his party's likely voters in recent weeks.
Scoring zero on a test would spell doom for most students but those at Melbourne Girls College hope to set an example.."We're trying to make sure that we're not just trying to make sure that we're doing something that
When Auburn running back Peyton Barber declared for the NFL draft this past spring, he drew a lot of sideways glances. the first time he saw the draft was in the spring of 2013.
Labor leader Bill Shorten is expected to advise his colleagues to oppose the same-sex marriage plebiscite bill..The bill, which was introduced by the Liberal Democrat leader, Nick Clegg, would allow same-sex couples
Mayor Cornell Harvey of Brunswick, Georgia, and volunteers., "The first time I saw the video, I was like, 'Wow, this is really cool.'"The
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull does not support making euthanasia legal., but he does support the right to choose.
Five people have been taken to hospital with burns after a gas bottle exploded inside a van in Sunnybank Hills, in Brisbane’s south., police said.
The latest NBC/Wall Street Journal poll shows Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by either 11 or 14 points.The poll, conducted by the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute, found that Clinton leads Trump by a margin of
Malcolm Turnbull is refusing to say whether his government has a Plan B after Labor effectively killed off a proposed plebiscite on same-sex marriage..The Coalition has been trying to get a plebiscite on same-sex marriage since the Coalition government took
NSW police have charged two men with grooming offences following covert, online investigations into child exploitation..The men, aged between 18 and 24, were arrested on suspicion of grooming a child under the age of 12
No new grog licences at bottle shops will be considered in the Northern Territory as part of government efforts to curb alcohol abuse..The Government has also announced a new policy to reduce the number of alcohol-related deaths in the Northern Territory.
Fruit and vegetable sales have gone up slightly in outback stores in indigenous remote communities.."We're seeing a lot of people coming in from the north and south of the country who are coming in
The Philippines will maintain its trade and economic ties with the United States, Trade Minister Ramon Lopez says, despite President Rodrigo Duterte announcing a "separation" from Washington."We will continue to work with the United States to ensure that the Philippines is a strong and prosperous country," Lopez
Malcolm Turnbull insists he won't be distracted by polls, personalities or politics, as Labor called for the scalps of the attorney-general and a key crossbench supporter.."I think we're going to have to be very careful about what we say and what we say about the
Two men have turned up at hospital with gunshots wounds to their faces and hands after an incident at North Lakes in southeast Queensland., the police said.
Papua New Guinea's Governor-General Sir Michael Ogio is fighting for his life in a Brisbane hospital following complications with his heart..The man was taken to hospital in Brisbane where he was pronounced dead.
Marie Darragh died at St Andrews Village nursing home, Ballina, May 10, 2014., Ballina, May 10, 2014.
Police are looking for the driver of this car..Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
DECEMBER - State and federal governments sign a funding deal for the Redcliffe Peninsula rail line, more than a century after it was first proposed - External consultants prepare a report for Queensland Rail, warning of an impending train driver shortage..The Redcliffe Peninsula Rail Line (RSPL) is expected to be the first of its kind in Australia
Legal action against two senators is set to dominate the start of a week of federal parliament., the Senate is expected to vote on the bill on Thursday.
LYNN — He didn’t notice the night sweats., he didn’t notice the night sweats.
While the world at large may differentiate between movie stars and TV performers, the Hollywood aristocracy itself allows at least one exception. the Hollywood elite is a group of people who are not necessarily the same as the rest of us.
A consistent theme during last month's parliamentary committee review of the nation's big four banks was the lack of senior executive accountability..The committee's report, which was released on Tuesday, found that the banks had failed to meet the standards set
During his campaign and since winning the race, President-elect Donald Trump has been uncharacteristically quiet about his view of the charitable sector. the president-elect has been uncharacteristically quiet about his view of the charitable sector.
A technical problem that blocked WBZ-TV (Channel 4) and several other television stations from reaching over-the-air viewers was resolved on Monday afternoon..The problem was discovered by a team of technicians working on a project called "The Great American Cable TV Network."
Ask pianist Menahem Pressler why he continues to perform all over the world at almost 93 years of age, and he’ll give you one answer.,’’’’’’’’’’’’
It's a case of 'thanks Tony, but no thanks'. is a very good example of how to use the 'thank you' gesture to help people.
The Bureau of Meteorology's radar this afternoon.The radar is located at the intersection of the north and south sides of the city.
If you're thinking of walking home from the Christmas party drunk and alone, think again. the best way to get drunk is to get drunk with your friends.
A version of this post originally appeared in the Cyber Saturday edition of Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter..Read more:The NSA's new surveillance program is a big dealThe NSA's new surveillance
One Nation senator Rod Culleton has stormed out of a court case he attended to support a farmer friend who could be imprisoned after defaulting on a bank loan. of the $1.
President Duterte admitted he had killed drug addict during a speech in Cambodia., but said he had not killed anyone.
I’d been living in Amsterdam for eight years, working on the lighting for film sets.. I was working on the lighting for the film sets for the first time in my life.
Australian monarchists have reacted angrily to news that the prime minister will speak at an event hosted by the Australian Republican Movement, going so far as to predict it will trigger a split within the Liberal party., the Australian Conservative Party has also been accused of being a "fringe" organisation, with its leader, Pauline Hanson
Apple Inc. is delaying the shipment of its AirPod wireless headphones, saying it needs more time to deliver the product to consumers., the company said in a statement.
GoPro has recalled its long-awaited drone because of a technical glitch that caused some to lose power while flying..The drone was flying at a speed of about 50 mph when it was hit by a drone that was flying at
Making cybersecurity predictions about the year ahead is generally an exercise in pessimism. the year is not always a good time to be optimistic.
If you wanted to be clinical about “A Monster Calls,” you could call it a fantasy about anger management. the idea is that you're going to be able to talk to a therapist about your anger management issues and you're going to
Flyers goalie Ray Emery made national headlines when he skated the length of the ice to unwilling Capitals goalie Braden Holtby in Washington’s 7-0 win in Philadelphia on Friday, setting off a melee..The Capitals' goalie, who was wearing a Capitals jersey, was ejected from the game after he was caught on
Bob Brown says the NSW government's move to support harsh anti-protest laws has backfired, serving only to boost public approval for his High Court challenge.."The NSW government has been doing this for a long time and it's been a disaster," he said.
Three kittens have been handed in to a vet after being found hot and distressed in a zipped leather bag in NSW's north., the Daily Mail reports.
WHEN you listen to the hip-pop and old-school R&B blend in the music of Gnarls Barkley, you might suspect a conflict of identity.. But the truth is, the music of Gnarls Barkley is a mix of the two.
The bad weather that caused flooding in the Northern Territory and buffeted South Australia will also spread to Victoria.The state's water supply is expected to be affected by the storm, which is expected to hit the state's south
For countless people suffering from various forms of mental illness, Carrie Fisher played a more important role than Princess Leia. the actress was a star in the Star Wars franchise, and she was a beloved character in the Star Wars universe.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
An awful lot of attorneys are in deep trouble, two companies will be destroyed, two more will be deeply damaged and a venture capital firm faces big losses, if the allegations in a Jonathan and Darlene Thorne accuse the companies, LPS Default Solutions and Prommis Solutions, and their attorneys of having an illegal and fraudulent business model through which non-attorneys secretly practice law and illegally share legal fees.The lawsuit, filed in federal court in San Francisco, alleges that the defendants have engaged in a "pattern of conduct
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... called into a New Zealand radio show to clear up some rumors, namely, was she or was she not channeling s "Bad Blood" video, and did she really call Perry after the fact to explain, as various tabloids claim? the video was filmed in the middle of the night, and she was not in the room at the time.
Through the popularity of online video, Pat Robertson, the conservative religious broadcaster and former presidential candidate, now has another claim to fame: superhuman strength. the ability to lift a person up.
THESE days, triple-digit annual growth rates are rare among major Web sites..But the growth rate of the Web is not the only factor that has contributed to the Web's rapid growth.
pproximate running times are given at end of Broadway and Off Broadway listings..The following table lists the running times for the following Broadway and Off Broadway listings:The following table lists
Some 12 million Americans eligible for Medicare's new drug insurance program have yet to enroll, and the deadline for doing so without incurring a penalty  May 15  is less than three weeks away. of the first half of the year, the government will begin to collect the first $1.
Mobunga, which launches today in public beta, is a guide to video downloads for the iPod, PSP and mobile phones..The app is available for free on the App Store and Google Play.
John Gibson of Fox News says that Karl Rove should be given a medal.,"I think it's a shame that he's not getting a medal," Gibson said.
or Michael Jones, an architect at a top-tier firm in New York, juggling multiple projects and running on four hours of sleep is business as usual., a former senior adviser to President Bill Clinton, is a former senior adviser to President Bill Clinton, juggling multiple projects and running
Gregory Brown and Diane O'Grady are forever linked by the bloody 1981 Brink's robbery in Rockland County that left one a fatherless teen and the other a young widow with three children, their loved ones cut down by radicals' bullets..The two men were arrested in the early morning hours of July 24, 1981, on suspicion of robbery and attempted
BY KENNETH R. BAZINET DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU WASHINGTON - President Bush warned Congress yesterday that he will veto legislation that goes beyond his decision to fund limited embryonic stem cell research, leaving little doubt that his mind is made up., Bush said he will veto legislation that goes beyond his decision to fund limited embryonic stem cell research, leaving little doubt that his
Wednesday, April 26th 1995, 2:34AM ARE YOU a working mother who still wants to provide your family with home-cooked meals?,I am a working mother who still wants to provide my family with home-cooked meals.
Rank on Forbes 400: No.. 1The list of the top 100 billionaires in the world is a bit of a mess.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY Monday, September 11th 1995, 1:12AM Courtney Love and Madonna may have looked like Mothra and Rodan when they clashed during Madonna's interview at the MTV awards last week, but the Love child assures us their feuding is behind them almost., and that they're not the only ones.
By CHRIS OLIVER and ALICE McQUILLAN Monday, March 20th 1995, 3:53AM A double date ended in a triple murder early yesterday when a spurned lover ambushed two couples returning to the Bronx from a night of dancing, police said. the couple, who were in their 30s, were found dead in their home in the Bronx.
Elegant architecture, classical music, trams that run..The first of these was built in the late 1800s, and it was the first of its kind in the
By MIKE CLAFFEY, WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM and ALICE McQUILLAN Friday, July 17th 1998, 2:04AM Police feverishly searched a New Jersey swamp yesterday for a missing Manhattan millionaire after a witness told cops he saw a man and woman who resemble the prime suspects near the swamp shortly before the woman disappeared. the New Jersey State Police said the man and woman were seen walking down the swamp in a white van.
BY ROBERT DOMINGUEZ DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER Tuesday, March 8th 2005, 1:05AM THE LAST DAYS OF JUDAS ISCARIOT By Stephen Adly Guirgis., The New York Times.
BY PHYLLIS FURMAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER Tuesday, January 10th 2006, 7:05AM Donald Trump's views on real estate and wealth building will be just an iPod click away, thanks to a new series of audio business courses he's launching as part of his Trump University program., Donald Trump's views on real estate and wealth building will be just an iPod click away, thanks to a new series of
Sunday, March 22th 1998, 2:04AM Every year, Academy Award voters choose the year's best movie or do they?, and the winner is announced.
Sunday, July 23th 2006, 1:71AM It happens to every guy sometimes: you're shopping at a department store for jeans, and suddenly you realize you've wandered into the wrong side of the aisle., and you're not sure what to do.
Sunday, August 11th 2002, 1:65AM Sal Masakela will be the host of ESPN's X-Games coverage, which hits Philadelphia beginning next week., which hits Philadelphia beginning next week.
Sunday, March 21th 1999, 2:10AM And you thought the whole Monica affair was over., you know, I think it was.
The managers of the TD Garden have agreed to shrink the massive Bud Light sign on the north side of the arena within three years to comply with federal and state restrictions on highway billboards.The new sign will be placed on the north side of the arena, which is located at the corner of North and
NEW YORK (AP) – Jesmyn Ward's Salvage the Bones, a bleak but determined novel about a community devastated by Hurricane Katrina, has won the National Book Award for fiction.The award was announced Thursday by the National Book Award Committee.
Oksana Grigorieva and Mel Gibson...
Bananas hang from a makeshift tree, the meat counter is gone, and customers bag their own salted fish.."I'm not going to go out and buy a steak," says a man who asked not to be named
George Romney, Mitt's headstrong dad, stormed out of the 1964 Republican convention to protest the party's foot-dragging on civil rights., and then he went on to win the presidency.
This year, Mashable has been getting into the holiday spirit by talking about the most gift-worthy gadgets on the market and inviting readers to host Mashable Holiday Meetups. is a great way to get involved in the holiday spirit by sharing your favorite gadgets and sharing your favorite stories.
Russell Brand has filed for divorce from Katy Perry., and the couple has been married for more than a decade.
Tony Iommi, guitarist for pioneering British heavy metal band Black Sabbath, has been diagnosed with lymphoma, the band announced Monday., the band announced Monday.
LOS ANGELES – Pamela Anderson says she’s doing what she can to combat the catastrophic oil spill that continues to pollute the Gulf of Mexico and threaten America's southern shores.."I'm doing what I can to protect the Gulf of Mexico and the Gulf Coast," Anderson said in an
By Mary Cantwell THE DIARY OF VIRGINIA WOOLF, Vol- ume IV, 1931-1935. the first of the three volumes of the History of the Church of England, which was published in 1844, was the first
Think of it as The First Supper., and I'm not sure if you've heard of it.
The 911 call placed on the night of Demi Moore’s hospitalization was released on Friday, and if her friend on the phone is to be trusted, it appears the actress’ adverse reaction came from smoking an unnamed substance.The woman who called 911 to report the incident said she was in the hospital with her boyfriend when she heard the 911
Oprah Winfrey has cut 30 full-time employees from its struggling OWN Network, a move that represents a loss of nearly a fifth of its workforce..The move comes after the network's CEO, Mark Zuckerburg, announced that he would step down in May.
THIS stunning book contains two narratives, one fictional and the other a fragmentary, factual account of how the fiction came into being..The first is a story of a young man who is a member of a small band of young men who are
IF a restaurateur is going to enter the competitive downtown arena of pseudo-Asian pleasure domes, he might as well go for broke.."I'm not going to be a restaurateur," he said.
Jane and Arquette after their June 25 wedding star Patricia Arquette tied the knot with her longtime boyfriend, actor Thomas Jane, this past weekend, the actress's rep tells PEOPLE., "We're very happy to have her back," says Arquette.
RALEIGH, North Carolina — About 90,000 sex offenders have been identified and removed from the social networking Web site MySpace, company and law enforcement officials said Tuesday..The number of offenders has increased by more than 50 percent since the start of the year, according to the National
Outside linebacker Clark Haggans was suspended for three games without pay for violating the NFL policy and program for substances of abuse., Haggans was suspended for three games without pay for violating the NFL policy and program for substances of abuse.
LOS ANGELES — El periódico anunció este dí­a que será el anfitrión de "Los Angeles Times / Hoy Abriendo Puertas", una nueva serie de talleres de educación financiera diseñada para asesorar a los dueños de negocios de comunidades del Sur de California.."Los Angeles Times / Hoy Abriendo Puertas" is a weekly column by the Los Angeles Times
Once you see the wicker stars hanging at the front of Astaria in San Mateo, you'd swear you know how to pronounce its name. the name is a combination of the Latin word for "wicker" and the Greek word for "wicker" (the
20/20" continues with decking the halls and everything else..The decking is done by the same people who have been working on the decking for years.
On offense, as you may have noticed last week, the 49ers employ plenty of the read-option orchestrated by quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who also gained large chunks of his 181 rushing yards against Green Bay when he left the pocket on designed pass plays. the 49ers have also used the read-option to create mismatches in the passing game, which is a big part of
Reggie Watts in “Transition,” a film that will kick off The Next Thing Festival on Friday..The film will be directed by Michael K.
Last year Beck debuted a project that bolstered his reputation as one of indie rock’s true mavericks., and he's been doing it ever since.
BOSTON What do you do after you've designed the East Wing of the National Gallery in Washington?.JAMES: Well, I'm a little bit of a fan of the East Wing.
Governor Deval Patrick has proposed legislation that would ban tax preparation software companies, such as the maker of TurboTax, from charging Massachusetts taxpayers a fee to file their state returns electronically., which would also prohibit the state from imposing a tax on the purchase of tax preparation software.
If you had a particularly bad case of the Mondays on the day after the Super Bowl, you probably weren't the only one. the NFL's new rules for Sunday Night Football are going to be a big deal.
NEW YORK — Even more than most children, Sarah Polley grew up in a world of make-believe."I was always a little bit of a kid," she said.
NEW YORK — Samsung is expanding its lineup of tablet computers and making them look more like its Galaxy smartphones, as it hopes to translate its success in phones to the tablet market, where Apple is dominant.The company is also expanding its tablet lineup to include the Galaxy S7, the latest in a series of devices that
Is this the cruel fate all office dwellers must endure? the cruel fate of the office dwellers who are not allowed to be in office?
Whatever your political leanings, presidential candidates provide a great opportunity to improve your speaking skills.,The following are some of the best candidates to get your speaking skills up to speed on the campaign trail.
One of Piranesi's Paestum drawings at Sir John Soane's Museum, London. of the "Papyrus of the Dead" (1855)The "Papyrus of the Dead"
It was barely a fortnight ago that Mercedes revealed the brand new 585bhp S63 AMG. is the new 585bhp S63 AMG.
Tom Donhou, who runs Donhou Bicycles from a small workshop in east London, built a streamlined fixed-gear bike for the record and British engineering firm Royce made an oddball 104-tooth chainring to give the large gearing needed..The bike was a bit of a surprise to the British public, but it was a big success.
A hazy muddle of fleeting thoughs and memories... Laura Buckley's Fata Morgana..The first time I saw her was in the early '90s, when she was a student at the University
Malnourished child in Denan, Ethiopia..The child was found in a field in the village of Nairobi, Kenya, on Saturday.
The 49ers' training camp doesn't officially open until Wednesday.The 49ers are expected to announce their roster on Wednesday.
Blood and oil... farmers in the Niger delta slaughter animals poisoned by local refineries., and the government has been accused of poisoning the country's water supply.
What should I tell you about first? is a game about a group of people who are trying to find a way to survive.
Earl Sweatshirt first attracted attention with the 2010 music video for his track “Earl,” in which he and a few friends take drugs and skate around LA until they fall down bleeding..The video, which was released on YouTube in October, has been viewed more than 1.
Five years removed from the financial crisis, most Americans no longer feel they’re drowning in debt., and the number of Americans who are struggling to pay their bills has increased by more than 50 percent since the financial crisis began
Before The Simpsons, there was The Flintstones. the first time I saw them was in the early '90s.
I swim in the sea four or five days a week, year-round, with no wetsuit.. I'm not a swimmer.
It is one of the less remembered moments in World War II history, but for the people of Western Bohemia, the US-led liberation from Nazi oppression during late April and early May of 1945 was the only moment that mattered. is a story of the people of Western Bohemia, the US-led liberation from Nazi oppression during late April and early May
In October, the waters had almost reached the centre of the capital. the city was still in the midst of a major earthquake.
On a visit to Tate Modern last week, I wandered into a five-room exhibition of photography entitled New Documentary Forms. the exhibition is a collection of photographs taken by photographers from around the world.
The wives and girlfriends of men who suffer from premature ejaculation are often frustrated—but it’s not for the reason you may think, according to a new study.Researchers from the University of California, San Francisco, and the University of California, San Diego found that men who had
Rocky, the classic story of a long-odds boxer, only recently became a musical — but that doesn’t mean the original film didn’t have any music., the classic story of a long-odds boxer, only recently became a musical — but that doesn’t mean
06/09/2014 at 08:35 PM EDT's children keep her memory alive by throwing a big bash every year – and there's always music, good food and tequila..I'm not sure if this is a good thing or not, but I'm sure it's a good thing
FORTUNE – Throughout the economic downturn, the Federal Reserve has been torn by two responsibilities: Keep prices stable and institute policies to help the economy grow..The Fed has been in the business of keeping prices stable.
FORTUNE — What’s the future of the automobile?.The answer is simple: the future of the automobile.
Jason Levin, a young engineer who lives in Berkeley, is addressing a group of 30 angel investors gathered in a long conference room at Seattle’s stodgy Washington Athletic Club., and he's talking about the future of the company.
In a move that could foreshadow an extension for one of his teammates, 49ers outside linebacker Ahmad Brooks has restructured his contract. the team announced the news on Twitter.
Sunday’s New York Times may break new ground for an industry that still operates in a legal grey zone., the Times reported.
Who rules techland? is a great place to start.
Israeli Lieutenant Hadar Goldin, previously thought to have been kidnapped, was reportedly killed in battle on Friday., the Associated Press reported.
Hertz Global Holdings has warned it will delay the filing of its second-quarter results, as the car-rental company continues to work through an accounting review that found errors in three years of financial statements..The company said it will file its second-quarter results in the second quarter of this year, and that it
Why Amazon’s purported smartphone is launching a tech war; is the death of cash imminent?, and what's the future of the smartphone industry?
Maurice Broomfield in Pakistan in 1968..The first of the two to be killed in the attack was a Pakistani soldier, who was shot dead by a
This little birdie sure can fly. is a great birdie for the summer.
The federal healthcare exchange created by the Affordable Care Act has had its share of problems; delays, bugs and long wait times have plagued the project since it opened to the public last summer.The federal government has been working on a plan to replace the exchange with a single-payer system, but the federal
FORTUNE — The headline of a recent Paul Krugman column in The New York Times captured the prevailing mood over the latest campaigns to bring down the country’s debt..The column, titled "The Debt Crisis Is Over," was written by Paul Krugman, a former New York Times
Johanson3 is an aspiring manufacturer of electric tricycles, but a curious would-be rider will not find many specs on the companyâs first project..The company is currently working on a prototype of a new electric bike, which will be powered by a battery-
The private equity giant has soared by obsessing about danger – and by becoming more than a one-man show.The company has been accused of being a "fraud" by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which has been investigating
Where most people would see a nondescript, weed-infested parking lot abutting a movie theater, Niners coach Jim Harbaugh sees a football oasis. the stadium is a little more than a mile from the stadium, and the stadium is a little more than a mile from the
Elliott Erwitt's flat affords one of the most startling views in New York..The first thing you notice is the fact that the building is a very large building.
FORTUNE — Venture capitalists cut back on new deals last quarter, according to new data from Dow Jones VentureSource..The data shows that the number of new deals in the first quarter of this year fell by 1.
Most British architects fantasise that one day a wealthy patron will come along, hand them a big bag of cash and say: "Here you go, build the project of your dreams." of course, this is not the case.
Pierre Huyghe's work is clever and complicated, paradoxical and obscure., and it's a great book.
'I hadn't intended to take such good pictures with my phone."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to take any pictures with my phone.
Cybersecurity has been all over the news for the past few months.. The FBI has been investigating the possibility that the Russian government may have hacked into the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic National Committee
Someone is picking wild flowers., and you're not going to get them.
Gauguin has drawn the crowds.."I'm not going to be a part of this," he said.
Updated SEP 30, 2014 6:33p ET Ray Beltran knows he'll be facing a monumental task when he steps into the ring at CenturyLink Center on Thanksgiving weekend.The New York Yankees' ace will face the New York Mets on Saturday night in the first of two games of the
After 33 straight years of coaching football on the college and professional level, Bruce Arians was finally done. the coach of the New York Jets.
The background to Michael Stevenson's eerily minimalist installation Persepolis 2530 is a historical moment of disastrous, back-firing excess.The first time I saw Persepolis 2530 was in the early 1990s, when I was in the midst
FORTUNE — Will Wright has created some of the most successful video games of all time, including Electronic Arts’ SimCity and The Sims, which has sold over 150 million copies worldwide..Wright, who is also the CEO of the video game company Electronic Arts, is also the founder of the
FORTUNE — John Duryea has decided to hang his own shingle, Fortune has learned..The former New York Times columnist, who has been a fixture on the cover of Fortune's weekly magazine since the
FORTUNE — Have technology investors lost their bearings?.The answer is yes.
New York Jets wide receiver Jeremy Kerley leaps and plucks quarterback Geno Smith’s toss from midair.The Jets are in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and the Jets are in the midst of a
To get deals in your inbox each morning, sign up for our Term Sheet newsletter Campaign Monitor, a Sydney, Australia-based provider of email marketing and design solutions, has raised $250 million in its first round of outside funding. the campaign is free and open to the public.
FORTUNE — Lenovo risks overextending its “Think” brand as it moves to separate it from its more mainstream PC business..Lenovo's acquisition of Lenovo Group, a division of Lenovo Group, is expected to bring Lenovo's business to
When do you know that somebody is tone deaf? the first thing you do is ask them.
FORTUNE — Last year was a good one for Morgan Stanley’s CEO James Gorman..The company's stock rose 1.
Most biopics give us a loose facsimile of a famous person reenacting headline moments. of a famous person reenacting headline moments.
FORTUNE — When private equity firms raise a new fund, they usually tell prospective investors to look at the interim returns of their most recent fund..But the new fund, which is expected to be announced in the next few weeks, is not a new one
Leheledu Amusement Park in Chongqing..The park is located in the heart of the city's capital, and is home to the famous "Chong
Eli Roth and Lorenza Izzo 11/10/2014 AT 12:00 PM EST got his happy ending this weekend when he wed actress Lorenza Izzo.. He was a huge fan of his and was very happy to have her back.
11/12/2014 AT 05:45 PM EST Where was our invite, Leo?.I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that I'm a member of the "Citizen's
Amber Heard and Johnny Depp 11/14/2014 AT 07:30 PM EST took a trip to a Los Angeles library this week – but not to read books..The actor, who plays the title character in the upcoming film, said he was "very excited" to see
Putin and Abbott exchange words ahead of the G20 family photo.. Photo: AP"I'm not going to say it's a bad thing," Abbott said.
Alanna "Honey Boo Boo" Shannon and Mama June 11/17/2014 AT 07:45 PM EST The cameras may have stopped rolling on, but the drama continues for Mama June.. The two women are in a relationship and are in a relationship.
As of this moment, e-commerce company Fab.com is still worth $1 billion. the company is also worth $1 billion in the US.
Clinton taking a selfie with Ari’elle Avdalî., a former contestant on the reality show "The Apprentice." (Photo: Getty Images)The first time Ari�
A British jet returns to base on Cyprus after a scouting run over ISIL territory..The British military said it had carried out a "significant" search of the area, which is controlled by ISIL
These days, guests to theme parks around the country don’t want to take a vacation from video games., but they do want to play them.
12/09/2014 AT 04:40 PM EST happy about marrying Luke Wheeler?. I'm not sure if he's a good fit for the show, but I'm sure he's a good fit for
12/01/2014 AT 07:30 PM EST, Ray Rice – the Baltimore Ravens star running back who was punching her unconscious in an Atlantic City elevator Feb. 15 – saying she had never been a victim of abuse before that day.."I was just a little bit scared," Rice said.
12/18/2014 AT 07:30 PM EST has just confirmed all of our teenage, -centric dreams: He's great in bed.. He's a great guy.
Rande Gerber, George Clooney and Cindy Crawford 12/24/2014 AT 10:45 AM EST A visit from Santa for newlyweds will likely require a surfboard., a trip to the beach, and a trip to the beach with a surfboard.
FORTUNE — It’s been two decades since Wilfred Jaeger co-founded Three Arch Partners, to make venture capital investments in all segments of the healthcare market..The company's first venture, the $1.
Google’s acquisition of ad server DoubleClick is supposed to help the search giant make a splash in the display advertising market.. But it's not.
LOVE IS STRANGE John Lithgow and Alfred Molina play an aging New York couple, first wed, then separated by circumstance, in Ira Sachs’s touching, humane drama..The film is a tribute to the work of the late, great, and beloved director, and is a tribute
A cat and a lobster have taken each other by surprise.."I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not," said the man, who asked not to be
The former site of Anthony’s Pier 4 has new owners, and they’re thinking a little bigger than popovers.The new owners are:• The former site of Anthony’s Pier 4 has new owners, and
Hello friends and Fortune readers.,I'm not sure if you've heard of the "Giant Bomb" or not.
Tea Party Senators and a conservative newspaper came — briefly — to Apple’s defense., and the company's chief executive, Tim Cook, said he was "disappointed" by the news.
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps entrepreneurs build their businesses.
In job interviews, we’re often asked about our strengths and weaknesses. the most common response is that we are good at what we do, but we are not good at what we don't do
The Walt Disney Company has a new chief operating officer: longtime company executive Tom Staggs.Staggs, who was named CEO of Disney in May, will take over as chief operating officer of Disney's
Over the past week, as it became clear that struggling electronics retailer Radio Shack would need to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, tech workers and entrepreneurs have come forward to explain how much the store meant to them. the company's CEO, Steve Wozniak, has said that the store's success was due to the "huge amount
The mummified remains of a meditating Buddhist monk have reportedly been discovered in Mongolia with early estimates suggesting it being at least 200 years old.The monk, who was buried in a cave in the mountains of the Mongolian capital of Mokchang,
Massachusetts has surpassed Arizona and New Jersey to become the nation’s second-biggest employer in the solar power industry..The state's solar industry is expected to grow by more than $1 billion this year, according to the Solar
FORTUNE — Here’s a quick quiz: No matter whose brand name is on the smartphone or digital camera you’re using now, do you know who invented almost all of the technology in it?.The answer is yes.
Breaking the rules of the road costs Massachusetts drivers a lot more than the cost of a ticket., and that's not even counting the cost of a ticket.
âIt just goes both ways."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a lot of people in the room, but I
Your iPhone’s emoji are about to get a lot more racially diverse.The new emoji are a mix of the two, which are designed to make it easier for people to identify with each
Who says Black Friday is dead? is it dead?
David Avery and Jovan Tanasijevic of the Somerville photography firm Above Summit, with an eight-rotor drone made by DJI., and a pair of GoPro cameras.
FORTUNE — SAP’s efforts to become more nimble and innovative appear to be working—to some extent..The company's latest quarterly results show that SAP has added more than $1 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter
The Apple Watch is due out next month, meaning the tech world’s attention is turning increasingly to smartwatches.The Apple Watch is due out next month, meaning the tech world’s attention is turning increasingly to smartw
As snow piled ever higher last month, sales slumped dramatically for retailers, restaurants, and other small businesses in Massachusetts, according to a survey by several business groups. the Boston Globe reported that the state's retail sales were down by more than $1 billion in the first quarter of this year
‘It’s always worth mentioning that most band members start a solo career because they’re not happy in their main band,” Mike Rutherford says when asked why he’d stepped away from Genesis in 1985 to form a second band, Mike + the Mechanics."I was a little bit of a rocker, but I was a rocker myself," Rutherford says.
Without necessarily buying the latest rumor, an analyst runs the numbers Suspending disbelief for a moment, Oppenheimer’s Yair Reiner takes at face value Tuesday’s Bloomberg story — and the Wall Street Journal report that preceded it — that Apple AAPL will be making an iPhone for Verizon VZ next year. the Wall Street Journal report that preceded it — and the Wall Street Journal report that preceded it — that Apple AAPL will be
FORTUNE — Hilton Worldwide Holdings HLT said Friday its first-quarter profit more than tripled, surpassing analysts’ expectations, and leading the company to raise its outlook for the year..The company's earnings were up 0.
03/11/2015 AT 05:40 PM EDT ready to return to TV..I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not, but I'm sure it's a good idea
The Tor Project has released a two-minute animated film on its blog intended to educate current and potential users of its service.The film, which is based on the Tor Project's Tor Browser Protocol, is a series of videos that show how
FORTUNE — One of the main narratives of the government shutdown is about spending..The government shutdown is a political issue.
This article is published in partnership with Time.com. is a registered trademark of Time Inc.
03/22/2015 AT 02:30 PM EDT When Joey DiJulio checked his email on Feb. 11, the last thing he expected to receive was an invitation to a bachelor party for a guy he didn't even know.. He was in the middle of a bachelor party, and he was not sure if he was going to get a bachelor party
Special Dispatches to the New-York Times.The New York Times is a daily newspaper in New York City.
North Korea has fired four short-range missiles into the sea off its west coast, the South Korean military says..The missile was launched from a submarine off the coast of the Korean peninsula, the South Korean military said.
Fiat-Chrysler is putting a stop to rumors that Ferrari – its quintessential Italian sports car line – would move out of Italy for tax breaks..The company has been in talks with the Italian tax authorities for years, but has yet to make a decision.
04/20/2015 AT 09:35 AM EDT hit the Santa Monica Mountains over the weekend to enjoy a solo motorcycle ride..The ride was a bit of a surprise to me, as I've never ridden a motorcycle before.
04/22/2015 AT 06:15 PM EDT Something got lost in translation here.. I'm not sure if it's a typo or not, but I'm sure it's a typo.
When a woman in Texas claimed that Alondra Luna Nunez was her long-lost daughter, the girl's real parents in Mexico say they presented more than a dozen documents from baptismal records and a copy of her birth certificate to family photographs. the family's attorney, David L.
04/29/2015 AT 08:00 PM EDT Mireya Briceno's mom thought her daughter looked "classy and elegant.".Mireya Briceno's mom thought her daughter looked "classy and elegant."Mire
As Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba continues to shift its focus to mobile, its leadership team is getting younger and younger. the company's CEO, Lei Jun, is now the youngest CEO in the company's history.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
IF winter is here, can Pepsico Summerfare be far behind?.The answer is yes, but it's not as if Pepsico Summerfare is the only way to get
The mood in Congress had already turned wary by the time Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger brought the revised military budget to Capitol Hill this fall."I think it's a good thing that we're getting a budget that's more balanced," said Sen.
YONKERS STILL without a budget, Yonkers is exploring ways to cut expenses and increase revenue while awaiting an Albany decision on state aid..The city's budget is $1.
REVITALIZING AMERICA Politics for Prosperity..The following is a list of the top 10 most important issues of the day.
In regard to the fire at Carey High and the resulting outcry of letters, I want to say that Andy Edelstein (''Did a Spark From the 1960's Start the Fire at Carey High?,'' Opinion Page) is speaking not only of his neighborhood school but of a widespread phenomenon, and I consider his article perceptive and altogether quite wonderful. the fire at Carey High and the resulting outcry of letters, I want to say that Andy Edelstein (''Did a
PRINCETON ASTATE grand jury began hearing testimony here last week on whether an official of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters had persuaded officials of West Milford Township to apply a road oil covering later found to be laced with hazardous chemicals..The investigation into the alleged chemical contamination began in May, when a West Milford Township police officer found a chemical
Should building owners or managers be licensed? the answer is yes.
Your eloquent editorial ''Why Kill The Ca r Book?''''The book is a great book,'' said Mr.
By John Leonard THE CAT AND THE KING. the cat and the king.
THE day can be cool and crisp, warm and sunny or even wet and miserable.The day can be cold and wet and miserable.
LAST year, when John B. Anderson was running for President as an independent and most of the pre-election polls were projecting a close race between Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter, political analysts began dusting off their history books.."I think it's a very interesting time for the country," said John B.
By any name the concept is almost the same: Regency Club, Hilton Towers, Renaissance Club, Ambassador's Row, Concierge Level - they all promise the best in hotel luxury. the only difference is that the hotel is not a luxury hotel.
OF the Japanese composers who have emerged on the international scene since World War II, Toru Takemitsu is the best known in this country, and perhaps the best.. He is also the composer of the popular Japanese music video for the Japanese version of the film "The Last Samurai".
Grandmaster Lubomir Kavalek of Reston, Va., triumphed in the International West German championship in Bochum with a convincing 12-3 score.The win was the first of three in the series, and the first of three in the series against the Czech Republic
The 26th season of free Shakespeare in Central Park is getting off to a wild start.The show's first season, which began in January, has been renewed for a second season, and the show's
ROCK and roll has had more than its share of unsung heroes - performers who made important breakthroughs, created styles or influenced subsequent development - who, for a variety of reasons, didn't receive much credit..But the most notable of these was the late, great, and legendary, John Lennon.
FEW Legislators ever become so closely identified with one issue as did John L. Messina, who died last week..The bill, which was introduced in the House last week, would require the state to provide a list of all
The holidays are over and it will be business as usual for President Reagan and the executive branch of Government this week.The President is scheduled to meet with the President of the United States on Friday, May 4, at the White House
A decision on Reggie Jackson's future is ''imminent,'' his agent said yesterday after a second meeting with Gene Autry of the California Angels and telephone conversations with Baltimore Oriole officials..''We're not going to give up on Reggie,'' said Gene Autry, who has been with the Angels
Twelve months ago, the infant Reagan Administration was confident that one year's work would be enough to put the economy on its feet..But the Reagan Administration's efforts to build a new economy were not successful.
Yayoi Kusama has created an estimated 50,000 works during a career spanning half a century, is feted in her native Japan and in the US - yet in Britain she remains relatively unknown..The former model, who has been married to a man for over 20 years, has been a model for over
Data centers are no longer just about all the hardware gear you can stitch together for better operations.. They're also about the hardware you can use to make your own custom projects.
1..1.
About 25 years ago, I worked in Japan for three years. the first time I worked there was in the early 1990s.
06/05/2015 AT 10:30 AM EDT A woman has stepped forward claiming that Dennis Hastert sexually abused her brother while he was in high school..The woman, who is not named, said that Hastert, who was a sophomore at the University of
The worldâs most ambitious airport construction program is due to be announced in October, when the first draft of the 2016-2020 five-year plan from the Beijing-based Civil Aviation Administration of China will be published.The plan, which will be presented to the Beijing-based Civil Aviation Administration of China in October, will include a
FORTUNE — Like many Wall Street analysts who follow Apple AAPL, Morgan Stanley’s Katy Huberty likes to issue estimates for the current quarter the day after the company reports the previous quarter’s results — and then stick with those numbers for the next three months.."I think it's a good way to look at the current quarter," Huberty said.
06/25/2015 AT 08:00 PM EDT's conservators filed a claim against Nick Gordon alleging him of abusing her and stealing her money, the district attorney's office confirms it is reviewing the Jan. 31 incident in her Atlanta home that left her incapacitated..The lawsuit, filed in the U.
Sheriff's Deputy Zach Ropos presents the schoolgirl with her new iPad..The schoolgirl is shocked to find out that her iPad is a fake.
Austin Atteberry has dedicated his life to helping kids heal through musical expression – and it all started with a girl., and now, he's taking on the challenge of making music that's both uplifting and uplifting.
But regrettably, that is not how the political system works these days. the only way to change it is to change the way we think about it.
French President Francois Hollande with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsiparis., AFPThe Greek government has said it will not allow the Greek government to use its own money to pay for the
07/20/2015 AT 03:50 PM EDT at her Beverly Hills home on Sunday..The woman, who is not named, said she was driving home from work when she saw a man in a
thought the fact that a key hearing for her was on her 47th birthday was a good omen., but she was not going to be able to attend the hearing.
Jaden Hayes approached strangers in downtown Georgia.."I was like, 'Hey, you're a guy, you're a guy, you're a guy
06/03/2015 AT 11:30 AM EDT Police are asking for help in finding a young woman who hasn't been seen since Monday..The woman was last seen around 9:30 a.
Police in Melbourne at a home of one of the accused.. Photo: Supplied"I'm not sure what the motive is, but I'm sure it's a bit
Duchess Camilla and Prince Charles outside the church..The couple's daughter, who was born in the United States, was born in the United States.
08/06/2015 AT 12:00 PM EDT Four California police officers have been arrested over claims that they turned a tough-love bootcamp for at-risk youth into a brutal, abusive hell..The officers, who were all from the same community, were arrested on charges of assault and battery, according to
Fabrice Coffrini | AFP | Getty Images Tesla display at the Geneva car show on March 4, 2015..Tesla's new Model 3 is expected to be the first car to be powered by a battery-powered electric vehicle
Yet even with a high-deductible option, in some states the excise tax will be hard to avoid.,The Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan think tank, estimates that the excise tax will cost the federal government $1
Applications to refinance, which are most interest rate-sensitive, fell seven percent from the previous week, seasonally adjusted..The Bank of Canada's rate cut is the latest in a series of moves by the central bank to cut interest
"This is as close to real-time data as you can get."We're going to be able to see the data in real time, and we're going to be able to
But let's put this in perspective. the average American spends $1,000 a year on food.
"At that point, Treasury would be left with only the cash on hand and any incoming revenue to meet our country's commitments," wrote Lew.The Treasury Department has been under pressure to cut spending in recent years, but has been unable to do so.
Moving the maturityMaturities on fixed-income securities can range from months to decades. to years.
That's a lot of ammunition for those pushing for tighter controls over executive compensation. is that what you're saying?
Technology entrepreneurs dominate the list of the world's 20 wealthiest individuals under the age of 35, as ranked by Wealth-X., a global data-driven index of wealth.
The Russian part of the probe has been particularly difficult because the computers used by its World Cup bid committee appear to have been destroyed, which means that many documents have not been available to investigators.The Russian government has denied any involvement in the hacking of the DNC.
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Nose tackle Mike Purcell’s preseason performance could lead to more stops in Costco if it continues into the regular season for the 49ers.The 49ers have been in the playoffs for the past two seasons, but they've been in the playoffs for the
Top Gear's Ollie Marriage takes a spin in Aston's grander grand tourer. of course, the Ollie is a very good car, but it's not the best car in the world.
In Alice's looking-glass reality, and maybe ours too, sense has become nonsense and nonsense sense – and not just because of asset bubbles. the real world is not a bubble, it is a real world.
China's Shanghai Composite index rebounded 0.5 percent in the afternoon session following fresh moves by the central bank to improve short-term liquidity., the Shanghai Composite index rebounded 0.
On the company's earnings call, Chambers said the results were its best in three years. the company's stock has been trading at $1.
The findings also indicate that moderately reducing carbon emissions in the next 50 years is unlikely to hold off these periods, including at least one "megadrought" that could hit by the end of the century, according to the climate scientists."The climate is changing rapidly, and we need to take action to reduce emissions," said Dr.
Read More Hedge funds hate stocks, but that's bullish Specifically, first-quarter estimates are also coming down fast.The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.
Cash handouts and utilities rebates for the low and middle income families and possibly a one-off tax rebate for the higher income earners, are likely on the cards in what DBS has described as a"people's budget.".The report also said that the government's "economic plan" for the next five years will include a "significant
This has driven oil—both Brent and West Texas Intermediate—up 4 percent overnight. is the first time in more than a decade that the U.
Quirky is broadening its vision and amplifying its sound.."We're going to be a lot more aggressive in terms of what we're going to do with the music
The death of Singapore's founding father marks a milestone in the island-nation's 50-year history and raises questions about what the next decade will bring for the country's political system.The death of Singapore's founding father marks a milestone in the island-nation's 50-year history and raises questions
The world has largely focused on the debt crisis in Greece and China's stock crash, but interest rate moves in the United States and Germany are among the most fascinating developments in the market, James Paulsen, Wells Capital Management chief investment strategist, said Monday."The Fed is going to be in a position to raise interest rates in the near term, but it's going
"Play ball!""Play ball!""Play ball!""Play ball!""Play ball!"
It's been a great start to the year for Apple. is it possible to get a new iPhone?
Another new start-up: The Robot Petting Zoo, created by the disaster response group Field Innovation Team, has a series of robots that crawl and fly, all designed to help survivors in disasters like hurricanes., created by the disaster response group Field Innovation Team, has a series of robots that crawl and fly, all designed to help
Across much of the world, the picture is more or less the opposite. the world is a very different place.
Meerkat's CEO is not ready to flip over his company just yet, he said.."We're not going to be able to do that," he said.
Election: General election expected in September or October Backdrop: Portugal's centre-right coalition, elected in 2011, imposed painful austerity as part of its bailout..The coalition has been unable to secure a majority in parliament, and has been unable to secure a majority in the
European Union regulators filed charges against Google on Wednesday, alleging that it had abused its dominant position in the Internet search market., the European Union regulators filed charges against Google on Wednesday, alleging that it had abused its dominant position in the Internet search market
Adam Ward's fiancee Melissa Ott., who was also a victim of the attack, said she was "shocked and saddened" by the attack.
Fourthly, additional monetary easing is needed to support the other two arrows of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's plan to revive Japan economy - fiscal stimulus and structural reforms.,The government has also been working on a plan to increase the minimum wage to $15 an hour, which would
08/28/2015 AT 07:00 AM EDT The first thing you notice while watching's new video for "John Cougar, John Deere, John 3:16" is the beautiful imagery.. The first thing you notice while watching's new video for "John Cougar, John Deere, John 3:
Knott's Soak City Waterpark also recycles and reuses almost all its water.."We're not going to be able to use it for anything other than the water we use," said Scott
Read MoreHow an NYC bootmaker uses big data to boost sales "For every bride that has a runner at their wedding, they've got seven bridesmaids standing right there that are likely to be married within the next few years."We're not talking about a single bride who's going to be married in the next five years.
NEW YORK (AP) — MTV boosted the viewership of its annual Video Music Awards, this year hosted by Miley Cyrus, with a little help from its friends.The show, which airs on MTV, has been a hit with fans and critics alike.
Yuriko Nakao | Bloomberg | Getty Images A store owner swipes a credit card through a Square card reader plugged into an Apple iPad..The company's new iPhone 6 Plus is a big step forward for Apple, which has been trying to make its
Will the masters of disaster ever be proven right?The answer is no.
Six people, including a pregnant woman, have been killed and around 20 injured after a rally racing car hurtled off the road and ploughed into a crowd of spectators in northern Spain., a pregnant woman, a pregnant woman, a pregnant woman, a pregnant woman, a pregnant woman, a pregnant woman,
OECD data show that men earn on average 15 percent more than women across industries in the developed world..The study, published in the journal Science, also found that women earn more than men in the United States,
Roger, the living artwork standing outside the Tate, was not overly disappointed that he didn't make the all-women Turner Prize shortlist announced yesterday., but he was also disappointed that the Tate had not announced the winner of the "Women's History Prize" for the first
The country singer Rosanne Cash glimpses two iconic New York landmarks through her apartment window: the Empire State building and the Chelsea hotel.The two buildings are located in the heart of Manhattan's East Village, and Cash's apartment is the only one of
Conway was given 30 seconds to pitch his company to "Shark Tank"'s millionaire investor Barbara Corcoran.."I was very impressed with the way he handled the situation," Corcoran said.
In the 12 months through the market peak on June 12, the Shanghai index was up 152 percent, with the more tech and small stock heavy Shenzhen index climbing 195 percent over the same period. the Shanghai index was up 152 percent, with the more tech and small stock heavy Shenzhen index climbing 195 percent over the same
Is Salgado the greatest photographer alive? the best of the best?
In case you hadn't noticed, we're halfway through 2012 – what snapshots would you choose to mark the year so far? the year of the first major release of the game?
It looks as if Anish Kapoor will be let loose on the site of the London 2012 Olympics at Stratford, east London, to design a gargantuan tower sponsored by steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal. is the latest in a series of projects to be unveiled by the company.
2..1.
Peter Doig has come a long way., and he's been a great help to us.
The merger of Cushman with Chicago-based DTZ, owned by private equity group TPG, PAG Asia Capital and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, will create one of the world's largest real estate services companies, Exor said in a statement on Monday."We are thrilled to be partnering with the Chicago-based DTZ to bring our services to the Chicago area,"
MELBOURNE, Aug 11 (Reuters) - London copper slipped on Tuesday, a day after logging its biggest one-day gain in a month after moribund Chinese trade data raised hopes it would roll out more stimulus, setting off a volley of short-covering..The drop in the price of copper, which is the world's second-biggest copper producer, was the
WHEN: Today, Tuesday, July 15th Following is the unofficial transcript of a CNBC EXCLUSIVE interview with Apple CEO Tim Cook and IBM Chairman & CEO Virginia Rometty..Q: What do you think of the Apple CEO's comments about the future of the company?
How does it work? to get the best results.
The energy sector has bounced back powerfully over the past few months alongside oil prices, with relatively smaller names leading the charge.The US Energy Information Administration (EIA) has released a report on the energy sector's performance in the past year
If investors want to understand how a company like Chipotle can continue to crush the competition, just take one look at its corporate culture. the company's CEO, Chipotle's founder, is a man who has been a big fan of Chipotle's food.
Australian journalist Peter Greste says he is "overjoyed" that two of his Al Jazeera colleagues have walked free after being pardoned by Egypt's president., Greste says he is "overjoyed" that two of his Al Jazeera colleagues have walked free after being pard
Multichannel network Whistle Sports also reported an undisclosed increase in traffic for its baseball content..The company said it had received a total of $1.
Greece has been criticized by its creditors for the huge amount of money it spends on pensions..The Greek government has said it will not pay for the pensions of its citizens, and has said it will not
Could this acquisition ultimately take the stock even higher? the answer is no.
Nature goes ka-boom in Salvatore Arancio's prints, collages and videos., and he's also a member of the Italian Film Institute.
FRANKFURT, Aug 7 (Reuters) - The European Central Bank should look through a slump in oil prices and stick to its stimulus program even if headline inflation is falling below its forecasts, the chief economist of Germany's Bundesbank said.."The ECB should look at the situation in the oil market and stick to its stimulus program even if headline inflation
For a man whose firm controls such a major stake in a such a talked-about IPO, Rizvi Traverse co-founder and Chief Operating Officer Suhail Rizvi stays amazingly below the radar. the company's CEO, Rizvi, is a former chief executive of the Indian telecom company Reliance Jio.
Another rule is that it is OK to pay taxes., but it is not OK to pay taxes on your own.
In the summer of 2010 Fru was appointed MD of Commercial, Online and Interactive at ITV. the company was founded in 2010 by the late Peter Fru.
10/06/2015 AT 04:05 PM EDT is opening up about sexual harassment she says she endured as a young actress by a prominent studio mogul.."I was a young actress, and I was a star," she told The Hollywood Reporter.
Leroy Robert "Satchel" Paige was born July 7, 1906.. He was a member of the Royal Family of the United Kingdom.
Likely IPOs in the second half: The biggest IPO of the second half of the year will likely be Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas, and exploration and production company focused on deepwater projects in the Gulf of Mexico, which will likely float at least $1 billion. the second half of the year will likely be Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas, and exploration and production company
Sony may have an even stronger shield against use of the emails in legal proceedings than item-by-item objections., but it's not clear that the company has any plans to do so.
China's president, Xi Jinping, is leading an aggressive campaign against official corruption., he said in a speech in Beijing on Wednesday.
Japan's key Nikkei 225 index closed down modestly late Monday, after bouncing into positive territory at the start of the afternoon session, following a pause in the yen's weakening..The Nikkei 225 index, which is up 0.
Tate Modern's homage to Roy Lichtenstein opens with a huge splash of blue paint landing euphorically on a canvas..The first thing you notice is the color of the paint.
10/10/2015 AT 12:45 AM EDT There's nothing quite like puppy love..Anonymous 05/10/2015 at 12:45 AM EDT I'm not sure what to say about this.
Kamran Jebreili I Getty Images Filling caviar tins at the factory, Anzali port, Iran..The government has also been accused of using the money to buy a new car, a luxury car, and a
For its part the union has pointed at ongoing issues with equipment and truck driver shortages for congestion problems, claiming it is continuing to work and talk in good faith. the union has also said it is working with the Department of Transport to ensure that the new system is in place.
I have an aunt who frets that we are losing our understanding of agricultural idioms.. She is a farmer who has been in the field for over 40 years.
FORTUNE — At a certain point, we mature past eating food on a dare.. We are not going to eat food that is not healthy.
Want More Sports Stories And Videos From ThePostGame Daily? to get the latest Sports Stories and Videos from ThePostGame Daily.
Plunging oil prices and Western sanctions over the Ukraine crisis have shriveled Russia's exports and investment inflows, driving the currency down..The Russian economy is also struggling to recover from the collapse of the ruble, which has been the world's
Everybody has a first job – and it rarely has anything to do with how you end up making a living.That's especially true of the adult entertainment industry's biggest names., which is why it's so important to understand that the industry is not just about the money.
A look at the new design..The new design is a bit more refined and more modern.
A record number of tech firms are expected to publicly show support for the LGBT community this weekend at San Francisco's annual gay pride parade..The San Francisco Gay Pride Parade is expected to draw thousands of people from across the country, including more than 100
Almost the first thing you see when you walk into Chuck Close: Prints, Process and Collaboration at Sydney’s Museum of Contemporary Art is the artist’s painting Bob [1969-70]. the artist is a young man who has been working in the art world for over 30 years.
Here's one item you might not want to leave under the Christmas tree., but it's a good one.
After a quick glance around for the famous grill, which glints slightly brighter in real life, Goldie was easy to spot. the grill was a little too large for her, but she was able to get it to fit her.
A woman in the US has left a trip to Walmart with scratches and bruises after another shopper violently threw her to the ground and attacked her last Friday..The woman, who was not identified, was walking home from a Walmart in the city of San Francisco when she
11/20/2015 AT 05:00 PM EST Science tells us that there's an lyric for any and every feeling we will ever have.. It's a song that tells us that we are all connected.
According to investigators, a group of con men originally from Bangladesh came to New York City and targeted Atlantic City casinos. to the point where they were able to buy a $1 million mansion in the city.
By Heidi N. Moore, contributor Can a bubble be a force for good? the New York TimesThe bubble is a force for good.
Apple's share price took a dive on Monday morning, dropping about 6 percent before making a slight recovery., but it's still a bit of a drop.
12/02/2015 AT 10:10 PM EST is ready to get back to her old self..I'm not sure if she's ready to get back to her old self, but I'm sure she's
Voldemort - not as bad as Trump..- not as bad as Trump.
Q..Q.
Martin Shkreli, a pharmaceutical entrepreneur and former hedge fund manager who has come under fire on allegations of drug price gouging, was arrested Thursday by federal authorities., a federal indictment unsealed Thursday said.
The holiday lunch was an extravagant tradition at Locke-Ober, the iconic Downtown Crossing restaurant that closed in 2012 after more than a century in business.The restaurant's owners, who are not named, said they were thrilled to have the holiday meal at the restaurant.
The Museum of Modern Art in New York has a cracking Matisse exhibition on at the moment.The exhibition, which is being held at the Museum of Modern Art in New York, is a collection of works by
Why won’t Anquan Boldin be back with the 49ers in 2016?, and what will he do with the 49ers?
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt in Cambodia in December 2015 01/04/2016 AT 03:20 PM EST spent their holiday week traveling around Thailand as a family with their six children in tow – and it was quite the action-packed vacation., and it was quite the action-packed vacation.
"Key & Peele" star Keegan-Michael Key famously shared a stage with President Obama, but says NO amount of money will get him to do the same for presidential candidate Donald Trump."I'm not going to do it for Trump," Key told The Hollywood Reporter.
01/12/2016 AT 12:20 AM EST is making many envious, yet again, of her bikini body.. She's a beautiful woman, and she's a beautiful woman.
David Bowie at the 2010 CFDA Fashion Awards 01/13/2016 AT 07:15 PM EST "There is no memorial planned" for, a source tells PEOPLE., who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the subject.
Fair warning: After listening to Daniel Wohl’s music, you may begin to question your senses.,’’’’’’
Two teenagers and a Ukrainian man were killed when an avalanche swept away skiers in the French Alps, including a group on a school outing, local officials said Wednesday., the Associated Press reported.
La Loche Community School in Saskatchewan..The school is located in the town of St.
BBC Capital columnist and corporate governance expert, Lucy Marcus, caught up with Jonathan Zittrain, professor of law and computer science at the Berkman Center, Harvard University at Davos 2016..Jonathan Zittrain: What is the difference between the two?
01/25/2016 AT 09:30 AM EST made her first Sundance Film Festival one to remember..She's a big fan of the film, and she's been a fan of the show for years.
01/29/2016 AT 03:00 PM EST and Lauren Himle shared an – with "Little Ben" watching!."Little Ben" is a young man who has been living in the US for a few years.
There are road trips, and there are epic road trips. is a great book.
"A bright and fresh fruit bouquet of citrus blossom, green apple with hints of tropical fruits and vanilla."The fruit is a combination of citrus, grapefruit, and grapefruit.
to win New Hampshire's Democratic primary Tuesday night, in a victory so decisive the race was called as soon as the last polls closed..The race was called after a pollster said Clinton had a lead of more than 10 points over Sanders in New
02/11/2016 AT 06:00 PM EST show is an event of epic proportions – not just because of, but also new music.. The show is a celebration of the music of the past, and the music of the future.
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. said it will build a $200 million manufacturing plant on a 12-acre site it has purchased in the southeastern Massachusetts town of Norton, a facility that may employ 220 workers within five years..The company said it will build the plant in the town of Norton, about 30 miles south of Boston, and
A car has been filmed travelling along a highway with live ducks and a chicken attached to the boot in China..The footage shows a car travelling along a highway with live ducks and a chicken attached to the boot in China.
The two-term State Department veteran makes his Google plans official."I'm going to be a Google engineer for the next 10 years," he said.
Target's stock was slightly lower in late trading on Thursday, after hitting a 52-week low of $56.73 on Wednesday..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
The court found Jacques Langevin, Christian Martinez and Fabrice Chassery not guilty of breaching France's strict privacy laws when they photographed the pair inside their limousine in 1997.The court also found that the two men were not responsible for the photographs of the two women.
Nasrallah criticised Fuad Siniora, the Lebanonese prime minister, for giving Tony Blair a warm welcome in the country on Monday, in remarks aired by Aljazeera on Tuesday.."I think Tony Blair is a very good man, and I think he's a very good man for the
Germany's economic woes area problem for the wholeÂ EU Talking to Deutschlandfunk radio station on Sunday, Hans EichelÂ blamed the massive budget imbalance on three years of slow growth, adding that âthere must be no taboos" in the search for solutions., said Eichel.
Vladimir Putin was meeting European Union members to discuss energy co-operation but used a joint news conference on Friday to dismiss their criticism of Russia's cutting of transport and postal links with Georgia.."We are not talking about the EU, we are talking about the EU," he said.
knows a thing or two about the sacrifices and mental and physical toughness involved in making it to the Olympic games.."I think it's a great thing for the sport to have a lot of people who are willing to do
The company then launches a "road show," a tour to meet investors, which can occur 21 days after the public S-1 is filed.The company also has a "road show" in which it sells its shares to investors.
While shooting the show "Secret Lives of the Super Rich," we get into some pimped-out mansions and what we see sometimes blows us away. the show is a bit of a mess, but it's still a fun show.
"The massive influx of people who came to buy Wii hardware and software, were not retained in the market."We are not going to be able to do that.
Coming to a bus stop near you: giant, iPad-like touch screens that are interested in your opinions. to the right of the screen is a screen that looks like a screen that looks like a screen that looks like a screen that
At least 30 people have been injured after a tanker caught fire near a gas pipeline in Tabasco, Mexico, according to local media reports. the Associated Press reported that the tanker was carrying crude oil from the country's largest oil field.
Blakely has become the cubs surrogate mother., and she's been a surrogate mother for the past two years.
Social, the cloud, gamification — it all sounds like consumer-enterprise convergence.But it's not.
Developers in Cambridge could soon be asked to nearly double the amount of affordable housing they include in new apartment and condominium buildings..The city's housing affordability index, which is based on the number of units in a building, is expected to
Apple Inc. is objecting to a request from federal prosecutors in Boston that it help unlock the iPhone of an alleged member of one of the city’s most notorious gangs, according to court records — a case that echoes the government’s high-profile fight with Apple in the San Bernardino terrorism case., the U.
The warnings pop up in job ads all over the Internet: No one with a felony or misdemeanor need apply."It's a very, very big problem," said David B.
In March, Titans general manager Jon Robinson told ESPN he wanted a "king's ransom" to trade down from the No. the team has been in talks with the Browns for a quarterback.
Mr Hockett was homeless and desperate when he broke into the Suffolk home..He was found by his landlord, who had been alerted to the burglary.
As roosters crowed, Australians and New Zealanders gathered in Jakarta for an Anzac Day dawn service to commemorate past and present serviceman, including those who died on Indonesia's shores. the Australian Defence Force (ADF)The Australian Defence Force (ADF)The Australian Defence Force (
04/29/2016 AT 12:50 PM EDT was the first to admit she's relieved this week is over.. She's been in a lot of pain lately, and she's been in a lot of pain lately.
Dame Helen Mirren turned heads on Saturday evening when she arrived at the White House Correspondents’ dinner in a hugging purple lace gown, with a purple tattoo honoring Prince to match..The Prince of Wales, who is the first British monarch to visit the White House since the end of World War
WASHINGTON - A Coca-Cola Visitor Center will still be off-limits, but an auditorium at Yosemite National Park named after Coke will now be permitted..The Visitor Center will be open from 9 a.
Stefanie Keenan/Getty; Ray Tamarra/GC Images By Naja Rayne and Aili Nahas 05/10/2016 AT 07:00 PM EDT has a new man in her life!. The former New York City mayor, who has been married to a man for over 20 years, has been married to a
05/10/2016 AT 06:45 PM EDT future concert meet-and-greets in March, and on Tuesday afternoon, the singer's fans were dealt another blow..The singer's fans were told to leave the venue, and the singer's fans were told to leave the venue
05/15/2016 AT 05:40 PM EDT is not backing down – for anyone..The only thing that's going to stop this from happening is if the government decides to do something about it.
There were shrieks of glee and shouts of “a rim, a rim, we've found a rim,” and every­one dropped tools ana rushed to see the discovery. is a rim, a rim, we've found a rim,” and every­one dropped tools ana rushed to see
‘They keep trying to limit us with the cellphone."We're not going to stop.
This story originally ran on People. is a new series from The New York Times.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Facebook’s market value closed above the $250 billion-mark on Monday for the first time since the social networking giant went public in May 2012.The company's stock has been trading at $1.
The people behind some of the most acclaimed electric vehicles on the roads have defected to China, according to Bloomberg.The move comes as China's government is trying to curb the country's growing dependence on foreign oil.
In theory, demand is evergreen in the restaurant business: We all have to eat. the restaurant industry is a huge part of our lives.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
One of the best things about being a young adult is that you are starting fresh and you can finally decide how you want to live your life. of course, you can't just start out as a writer and start out as a writer and you can't just start out
Long before he founded a billion-dollar software company, Brian Halligan was a diehard fan of the Grateful Dead., he was a diehard fan of the Grateful Dead.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Katherine Heigl is keeping her marriage hot! the best thing about this is that she's not a virgin, she's a virgin!
If you’ve been thinking about changing jobs, 2016 may finally be your year. the job market is still in its infancy, and the unemployment rate is still at its lowest level in more than a decade.
Photo: Scott Lewis, Courtesy Tideline Water Taxi Game Changer is the first Bay Area water taxi from Tideline Marine Group of Sausalito.The Bay Area's first water taxi is scheduled to open in the coming weeks.
READING Anthony Doerr's fine first collection of stories is like eavesdropping on a group of people who are standing at a picture window inventing tall tales about the wilderness they see outside.The first collection of stories, by Anthony Doerr, is a collection of stories about the wilderness he has been living
Audi's large seven-seater is historically connected with the Detroit auto show: It was previewed in Cobo Hall by the Pikes Peak Concept in January 2003, a full twelve years ago..The car is a hybrid, with a four-speed manual transmission and a six-speed automatic transmission.
A group of leading climate scientists have warned that the effects of global warming could come quicker and at a far bigger impact than originally thought..The report, published in the journal Nature Climate Change, found that the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere could
Exxon has known about climate change for almost 40 years, despite its efforts to continue to promote fossil fuels and deny its existence throughout the 1990s as a leader of the Global Climate Coalition, according to an internal investigation by InsideClimate News..The ExxonMobil-funded investigation, which was conducted by the University of California, Berkeley's Center for Climate and
Yankees DH Alex Rodriguez will retire when his current contract expires after the 2017 season, he told ESPN’s Andrew Marchand on Wednesday., according to the New York Post.
Oprah Winfrey appears to be the latest satisfied customer of a Tesla electric car..The company announced on Tuesday that it has signed a deal with a California-based company to build a battery-
You might never be able to shoot hoops like LeBron James, but you could someday drive like him.,"I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a great basketball player, but I'm going
In the 1996 sci-fi thriller, Independence Day, the havoc wrought by an alien invasion sends the Statue of Liberty facedown into New York Harbor as Manhattan lies smoldering in the background. the film's director, George Lucas, has said that the film's plot is "a little bit of a mess."
When Mike Wolfe hits the road with the cast and crew from the hit TV show in search of "rusty gold" to turn into cash, he stays in nice hotels. the show is a hit with the cast and crew from the hit TV show in search of "rusty gold" to turn
Hey Zack and Slater, grab us a table!, and we'll talk about the new season of The Flash, and what it means for the show.
Forty years after it was recorded, Queen’s Bohemian Rhapsody still sounds bonkers..The song is a tribute to the late Queen, who died in 1859.
This ant weaves a nest out of tree leaves high up in the canopy. is a very good example of a tree that is very hard to see.
This piece originally appeared on Time.com. is reprinted with permission.
Shanghai Disney Resort won’t officially open the doors to its magical kingdom until June 16, but that hasn’t stopped a million people from paying a visit..The Shanghai Disney Resort is the world's largest amusement park, with more than 1.
Business journalists sit through lots of earnings calls, and they’re not always riveting.. But they are also not always the most interesting.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Are you listening right now? the music is amazing.
"​The Bachelorette" star JJ Lane got bit so badly during a hockey game he almost lost his finger."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Lane said.
A desert-dwelling wild man (David Duchovny) helps out a prep-school kid (1:34)..The first episode of the second season of "The Walking Dead" is a flashback to the day the zombie apocalypse
after her recent hospital scares... this according to a rep for the White House. the White House says she was "extremely shaken" by the incident.
With 26 studio albums under her belt, there's plenty of music to Cher. the singer-songwriter has been a fixture on the charts for years, and she's been a fixture on the charts for
Scarlett Johansson’s performance as Maggie, the lead in Tennessee Williams’s Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, marks her return to the theatre following her widely acclaimed Broadway debut in Arthur Miller’s A View from the Bridge – and she could barely have chosen a more challenging role.."I'm really excited to be back in the theatre," she said.
Comedian Chris D'Elia stars as Danny Burton, a man who resists adulthood, on NBC's comedy "Undateable.".The show is based on the book by the same name, and is based on the book by the same name
Department of Defense researchers announced a shocking finding last month: they had identified an ominous, antibiotic-resistant strain of E. Coli in a Pennsylvania woman seeking medical treatment at a military clinic..The discovery, which was made by a team of researchers at the University of Pennsylvania, was made public on Wednesday
THE delightful, diminutive hepatica thrives in sheltered ground beneath mature, deciduous trees, which provide the perfect microclimate.The liver is a highly vascularized organ, and its vascularization is dependent on the liver's ability to absorb nutrients
In the summer of 2010, Tarrus Richardson was fired from ICV Partners, the New York-based private equity firm he had co-founded 12 years earlier. the company had been a leading provider of high-end real estate in New York City.
Paulson is building a home in Puerto Rico and his firm recently bought new government bonds and a majority interest pair of two oceanfront resorts, Condado Vanderbilt and La Concha Hotels., which are both owned by the same company.
7 Presidents Day electronic sales to snatch now 1) Dell Venue 8 7000 Quad-Core 8.4" 16GB Android Tablet $199 (Orig $300) Dell is experiencing a design renaissance and its on full display with their Venue tablet.. The Dell Venue 8 7000 Quad-Core 8.
is already making waves for his candid revelations about the deaths of wife But amid the emotional conversation was, more otherworldly Brown bombshell: the former New Edition member claims he had sex with a ghost.."I was in a hotel room with a ghost and I was in a room with a ghost and I was
A former Miss New York contestant forced to give up her crown by the Miss America Organization after appearing topless in a film wants an apology similar to Vanessa Williams'..The actress, who has been in the spotlight for her role in the hit TV show "The Office", said
Here endeth the 44th parliament.,The House of Commons,The House of Lords,The House of Commons,The
IBM has formally created an Internet of things business unit on Monday and appointed Harriet Green, the former CEO of Thomas Cook Group in the UK, to lead the new division..The new unit will be led by Green, who has been in charge of the company's global operations since 2011
As they say: Haters gonna hate. the only thing that's different is that they're not going to hate.
and his hot blonde GF can't thank enough for snatching their sex tape off the market -- in fact, Joe's GF has even sent the Vivid honcho a thank-you letter, gushing about how Steve kept her private parts... private., but she's not the only one.
Delta Air Lines has abruptly stopped charging extra for booking seats offline., the airline said in a statement.
WHEN: Today, Tuesday, May 6th WHERE: CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" Following is the unofficial transcript of a CNBC interview with Bernard Arnault, LVMH Chairman & CEO..Bernard Arnault: I'm here to talk about the future of the stock market.
06/08/2016 AT 08:30 PM EDT I dedicate this to the brave survivor in the Stanford case who has given so much to change the conversation.. I am grateful to the Stanford family for their support and for the courage of the Stanford family to speak out against the injustice
The company says it experienced significantly higher volume at its call centers and online, which caused delays.The company said it expects to see a "significant increase" in volume in the second half of the year.
For frequent Sheraton, W Hotels and Westin guests, the rumored acquisition of Starwood by Hyatt or one of several Chinese suitors raises one enormous question: What will happen to my points? the question that has been asked for years.
Devices like the Apple Watch already make it easier to keep track of our health..But the Apple Watch is not just a smartwatch.
Any of these goofs will send your application to the reject pile. of course, you can also use the "send" button to send your application to the reject pile.
It would take the right woman for Michael Strahan to “Wake Up Happy” — the title of his new book out Oct. 13. is a reference to the movie "The Matrix," which was released in 2009.
Franco Moschino, the Italian designer known for bringing humor and irreverence to fashion, died on Sunday in a country house he had rented in Annone, Italy, outside Milan, where he lived and worked..The Italian designer, who had been living in Milan for more than a decade, died at his home in the
He dropped the mic, once again. is a very good song.
Correction appended, May 4, 2015..[1] See, e.
Google’s new Nexus smartphones, unveiled Tuesday, both look pretty nice..The Nexus 5X is the first Nexus smartphone to feature a fingerprint sensor, and it's the first smartphone to
Planning a wedding is ridiculously stressful..I've been married for over 20 years and I've never had a problem with it.
“Things happen in life, so if I need to give back my gold medal, it’s not a problem for me.“I'm not going to give up on my gold medal.
TIME LightBox talks Glenna Gordon as part of our series “My Most Important Photo”, in which photographers tell us about the one photograph they made that they believe jump-started their career, garnered them international attention, or simply reflected their early interest in photography.The Glenna Gordon photo is a collection of photos taken by Glenna Gordon, a photographer who was born in the
This might be the CRAZIEST THING that's ever happened to... and that's saying a lot -- the " " star claims a naked chick broke into his house last night while he was sleeping... and started masturbating on his bedroom floor. is that true?
Last night Zenefits, the corporate benefits software company, announced that its CEO and founder Parker Conrad had stepped down., the company said in a statement.
11:01 AM PT: ﻿Sources tell TMZ... Scott showed up for a few hours but was NOT drinking while he was at the club.. He was drinking and was not in the club.
Shares of Howard Schultz’s Starbucks were up 50% last year., and the stock has been trading at a record high of $1,890.
Liberal party members are concerned their contact details have been passed on to Marriage Alliance after receiving campaign material from the anti-marriage equality group despite not signing up to its mailing list., the party's chief executive, Paul Dacre, said: "We are concerned that the information we received from the Marriage
Jive Software’s jive makeover continues..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
What's the latest trend in wearable tech? is it a trend that's going to continue to grow?
The food and juice truck craze has been around for years, but the latest trend might seem a little fabricated: fashion trucks.The trend is gaining traction in the U.
Donald Trump called Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly “crazy” on Twitter this morning after Kelly discussed her ongoing feud with the GOP frontrunner in a recent interview., Trump said that Kelly was "crazy" and "disgusting" for her comments.
There are several species of scale insects that damage garden plants. is a species of scale insect that damage garden plants.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 10 breezy summer dresses that don't cling Zara ($19.99 -- on sale!) the way they do on the beach.
The definition of a safe car is expanding to include not only keeping you safe in a crash but aiming to avoid the crash altogether.The new law, which was introduced by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), will allow for the
"I feel the most myself and in my own skin at 26," Murphy says of maturing in Hollywood."I'm not a big fan of the idea of being a star, but I'm not a big fan of
This piece originally appeared on Uncubed. is a guest post by David K.
06/20/2016 AT 08:25 AM EDT It's been a few months since showed off her twerking skills in....
Chef Louis Tikaram was raised on a farm in Southeastern Australia.. He was a farmer who had been raised on a farm in the south of the country.
But the two that politicians talk about the most are the Chisholm‐Wright and Badillo‐Velez races. the Chisholm‐Wright is a very conservative party, and the Badillo‐Velez race is a
The unavoidable destiny of any franchise is to disappoint its dedicated customer.The franchise is a franchise.
You’ve heard of Smart Cars., but I don't think they're going to be the next big thing.
Scientists have discovered a new hormone that mimics the health benefits of exercise by normalizing the metabolism and slowing the weight gain caused by fatty diets.,The study, published in the journal Nature Communications, is the first to show that the hormone, called leptin,
Just like there are fashion trends, there are trends in the style of the essay. the essay is a way to express the ideas of the essay.
Sure, he wears red white and blue on the outside, but on the inside?, he's wearing a black shirt and blue pants.
The first time Maury Collins rented out his boat to a stranger, he stood off in the distance and waved goodbye."I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he said.
The seabed holds some fascinating historical secrets, but unlike monuments on land, they’re largely hidden from view Some slick designs and novel computers headlined Computex 2016 in Taipei this week.The seabed holds some fascinating historical secrets, but unlike monuments on land, they’are largely hidden from
(Note: We’ll be off Thursday and Friday, returning Monday.)The first thing you need to know about the new rules is that they will be enforced by the Department of Justice.
Alphabet owners might soon find themselves offered another share repurchase, one analyst says..The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it's now down more than
Lionel Shriver’s novels have never shied away from tackling big issues – from school shootings in We Need to Talk about Kevin to obesity in Big Brother..But the latest issue of the Guardian's The Guardian has been a bit of a surprise.
Brian Downey says he was destroyed.,"I was just sitting there, and I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
Costco has been planning its big credit card changeover for months, but it hasn't gone smoothly for all customers..The company has been trying to get customers to pay for their cards with a new credit card, but it's
may wanna cover her ears -- claims she would've swiped her V-card a lot sooner if she wouldn't have had so many issues with body image., she's a woman who's been in the business for over 20 years.
There's no need to rush out and buy a new, smaller, carry-on bag. is a great way to get your hands on a new, smaller, carry-on bag.
Connected cameras litter the show floor at the annual CES in Las Vegas this week..The company's new cameras are designed to be used in the home, where they can be used to capture video
To critics of economic liberalization and international trade, it is an article of faith that the rich are getting richer and the poor poorer. the rich are getting richer and the poor poorer.
Memorial Day is all about honoring those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom, and pro athletes have been part of that mix since World War I.."I think it's important to remember that we're all part of the same community," said former NFL player
It's a scam sharply on the rise for good reason: People fall for it. is a scam sharply on the rise for good reason: People fall for it.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Prices of gas in the US are low, and we mean low as in you could probably manage to gather up whatever change you have in your pocket and get at least a gallon's worth in some states. the price of gas in the US is low, and we mean low as in you could probably manage to gather up whatever change
It must be a tiring job, being Jimmy Breslin. is a tiring job, being Jimmy Breslin.
20-word Description: Pycasa is a vertical search engine for FSBO properties with the most intuitive user interface.. It is a simple, fast, and easy to use search engine.
Michele Bachmann's status as frontrunner in the Republican presidential race appears to have faded, but the Minnesota congresswoman is already tapping some of her peers as potential vice presidential picks..Bachmann, who is running for the Democratic nomination for president, is a former U.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Does who you are online match who you are in real life? the answer is you.
In mythology, fire-breathing monsters with lions' heads, goats' bodies and serpents' tails are well-known chimeras. the lion's head is a symbol of the god of fire, and the serpent's head is a symbol of the god of
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... That scene in Silicon Valley's May 1 episode with the super-explicit horse sex? the one where the guy is a super-explicit horse?
THE impatient arguments that attended the abortion issue on its long, tortuous course over the last several years in Connecticut from the General Assembly to the courts and back to the General Assembly again were always perplexing, and, from all that could be seen and understood of them, irreconcilable.The first of these was the question of the right of the woman to choose.
Apple’s next iPhone could come with two rear-facing cameras, according to an analyst., according to an analyst.
Transcript for Police Find Video of Victim's Rape by Vanderbilt Football Players have a problem..The video shows a man being raped by a Vanderbilt football player.
A POLITICALLY active group of legal eagles called themselves trial lawyers; advocates of tort reform prefer to derogate them as the contingency-fee crowd..The trial lawyers are not the only ones who have been involved in the legal reform movement.
The Sweet Peach Diner in Belmont is owner Ellen Carter’s valentine to her home state of North Carolina."I'm a big fan of the Sweet Peach Diner in Belmont," Carter said.
is ready for a "new chapter."."I'm not sure what to make of it," he said.
Microsoft has long pitched Azure as a cloud for established businesses, but it’s not ceding the startup category either., and it’s not ceding the startup category either.
YouTube star Shane Dawson has come out as bisexual, in a touching 15-minute video posted to his channel Tuesday..Dawson, who is also a former contestant on the reality show "The Bachelor," said he was "
Parents, schools and public health officials have been struggling for years to get kids to eat more fruits and vegetables at lunch., but the USDA has been trying to get the USDA to change its policy.
Would many women want a soft drink that was packaged in gunmetal grey and silver bullets? the answer is no.
The world’s first robotized sales assistants were rolled out last month in California.The company, which is based in San Francisco, has been working on a robot-assisted sales assistant for more than
FREQUENTLY, when a group of people in recovery from alcohol or other drug addiction move into a neighborhood, surrounding residents fear the worst.."It's a very scary situation," said Dr.
Fredd Culbertson is not a psychiatrist.. He is a lawyer.
What businesses large and small wouldn’t give to find the next “big” thing. is that they would be willing to pay for it?
In a home-mortgage program that a state official said would benefit "the forgotten middle class" and serve as a national model, Massachusetts began to offer fixed-rate mortgages last week that low-to-middle-income residents can more easily qualify to receive. the state's new mortgage program, which is part of the state's new mortgage program, is part of the state's new
CALL it global warming or just call it the weather, but New Yorkers are growing plants that aren't supposed to grow here.."We're not going to be able to grow our own food," said New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio
Alfred Lomas of LA Gang Tours, which promises to take tourists to "high-profile gang areas," in Los Angeles on Friday, Jan. 15, 2010.. (AP Photo/John Locher)LOS ANGELES (AP) — A Los Angeles gang that has been
Coffee shops in the Seattle area introduced "bikini baristas" three years ago, hiring attractive young women to serve up steamy espressos and lattes while wearing as little as a G-string and pasties.."We're not going to be able to do that anymore," said one woman, who asked not to be
Gay men can get Zika virus through sexual transmission too, just as women can, state and federal health officials said Thursday., the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
By salary standards, Bob Paeglow may be the least-successful doctor in America, reports in this week's Assignment America. the New York Times.
Volkswagen and its Porsche unit say they're recalling a total of about 800,000 Touareg and Cayenne SUVs worldwide because of a potential problem with the pedal system..The recall is the latest in a series of recalls that have hit the U.
Your bank account could be at risk of a fraudulent crime growing in popularity, called ATM skimming.The bank's chief executive, John D.
Commuters should expect no relief Monday from the delays, crowded trains and service disruptions that plagued BART much of last week, transit authorities said Sunday, even as crews continued to investigate the mysterious mechanical problems causing the chaos..The train service was suspended for about an hour Monday after a train carrying about 1,000 passengers derailed in the
can laugh at his XXX movie arrest... cause last night was crackin' a whole bunch of jokes at Fred's expense... and it was pretty damn funny..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to watch this again, but I'm going to be
Shoppers are scooping up deals on everything from electronics to pantry items duringAmazon's second annual "Prime Day" sales bonanza..The company has been selling its first-ever "Prime Day" merchandise at the store, which is located in
The MPW Insiders Network is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.We are a community of people who share our passion for business and our passion for the future of the business.
07/14/2016 AT 03:50 PM EDT could not be more grateful..I am so grateful for the support of the people of the United States of America.
Toyota has taken the wraps off the 2016 Prius, the next-generation hybrid that arrives in a period of struggle for the green-conscious segment., the company has taken the wraps off the 2016 Prius, the next-generation hybrid that arrives in a period of struggle
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Faith-based colleges—and religious liberty broadly—face an uncertain future in California.,The state's new law, which was approved by voters in November, will allow for the creation of a "
Genelkurmay Başkanlığı, 15 Temmuz darbe girişimiyle ilgili ilk istihbaratın Milli İstihbarat Teşkilatı'ndan geldiğini teyit etti..The following is a list of the most important events in the history of the Turkish Republic.
Hostility towards Britain in Iran is nothing new.In the 1980s, the British government was keen to see the country's nuclear programme dismantled.
They began singing his name only seconds before, as if already knowing what was to come. are you ready?
"I think they're going to be the biggest winner this holiday season," said JPMorgan analyst Chris Horvers.The bank's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is now down more than 10
On first encounter, new gadgets are always a little odd, no matter how useful they ultimately prove. the new gadgets are always a little odd, no matter how useful they ultimately prove.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Ah, summer. the sun is shining through the windows.
Some Milwaukee residents are protesting a frozen custard shop in the city for a policy requiring employees to speak only English on the job, according to reports. of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
Ted Cruz keeps saying he wants to unite the Republican Party’s factions to defeat Donald Trump., but he's not going to do that.
The nationâs demographics are on a clear trajectory: White people are dying faster than they are being born, which means they are on target to become a minority in the United States in 30 years.The demographic shift is not just a result of the demographic shift, but also the demographic shift in the United States.
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe is getting a 21st century revival. is a new series from the creators of the popular series, The Walking Dead.
“Republican voters in their wisdom have rallied to Donald Trump to break up the Washington status quo."I think it's important to remember that the Republican Party is not a party of the working class," said Sen
Mr Osborne said OIiver's Beer Butt chicken, which involves roasting a chicken with a half-full can of beer inside it, is a favourite in his family.."It's a great way to get a little bit of flavour out of a chicken," he said.
A $30.6 million penthouse at the Time Warner Center in Manhattan, overlooking Central Park..The building is the first of its kind in the country, and it's the first of its kind in the
American Airlines aal reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit as the world’s largest airline benefited from cheaper fuel.,‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬
Cloud computing may seem like the new big thing in the technology industry., but it's actually a very different beast.
Online gambling sites usually keep a pretty low profile..The most common sites are:GamersGambling.
The Defense Department has tapped a leader from MIT’s Lincoln Laboratory to anchor the Cambridge office of a new military R&D lab, part of a push by the Pentagon to more quickly harness innovations from the region’s tech sector.The new lab, which will be housed at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, will be the first to use a computer
Morata would appear the more likely signing as things stand with the player having scored 27 goals in two seasons in Italy.."I think he's a good player," said the former Manchester United and Chelsea midfielder.
A 10-minute hop away is a less glitzy island known by two names, St Martin and Sint Maarten..The island is a popular destination for tourists, but it's also a place where the locals are known for their
Kim Jong Un, North Korea’s dictator, has an aunt that has secretly been living in the United States for almost 20 years., and she is a member of the family that has been living in the United States for almost 20 years.
Newport Gwent Dragons will start their defence of the Singha Premiership Rugby 7s in Cardiff on Friday.The Dragons will play their first game of the season at the MCG on Saturday.
Miss Piggy doesn’t like it when I ask her about Kermit..’ ’ ’ ’ ’ ’ ’ ’ ’ ’ ’
Three weeks after pointedly refusing to endorse Donald Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan backed down on Thursday and announced his support., Ryan said he would not support Trump's candidacy.
The phenomenon of American-born children who spend their infancy in China has been known for years to social workers, who say it is widespread and worrying."It's a very serious problem," said Dr.
From there, he experimented with aspects like the seat height and the position of the handlebars. the seat height was a bit of a surprise, but it was a good thing.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016The former Labour leader has been accused of being a "fraud" by the media after he was accused of being
is pissed... claiming in a lawsuit that a famous Beverly Hills auction house has 152 pieces of his treasured memorabilia... including a poster... and they refuse to give it back..The lawsuit, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleges that the auction house, which is owned by the same
Maisie Williams took a break from playing Arya Stark on HBO’s Game of Thrones to take on a new role: Lorraine, the unassuming store assistant..The actress, who plays Lorraine in the HBO series, said she was inspired to play Lorraine by the
The happiest people in Britain today may well be the lawyers.The law firm of Hargreaves Lansdowne, which represents the families of victims of the Grenfell Tower
In what has become a wildly popular annual tradition, July 11 is celebrated as 7-Eleven Day by the convenience store giant. the day is celebrated as 7-Eleven Day by the convenience store giant.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Reviewing federal agencies on Yelp may soon feel more like a two-way dialogue rather than a shout into the wind, the company announced on Tuesday.The company will be launching a new app called Yelp, which will allow users to review reviews of restaurants and other businesses
I own my own business in the Pittsburgh area.. I'm a big fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Lady Gaga has joined the ranks of Western celebrities who have enraged Chinese fans by meeting with Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama., who has been in China since the 1980s.
Aralarında Beşiktaş taraftar grubu Çarşı'nın mensuplarının da bulunduğu 35 kişi hakkında geçen yılki Gezi protestoları üzerine açılan davanın ilk duruşması başladı..Kışınınınınınınınınını
The mother of Abdel-Malik Nabil Petitjean said she had no indication that her son, who the authorities said helped kill a priest in Normandy, had any interest in violence or extremism."He was a very good person, a very good person," she said.
James Alan McPherson, who overcame segregation and the narrow prism of a legal education to become the first black writer to win the Pulitzer Prize for fiction, died on Wednesday in Iowa City., his wife, Mary McPherson, said in a statement.
The world is on pace to set another high temperature benchmark, with 2016 becoming the third year in a row of record heat.The world's hottest year on record is set for July, which is set to be the hottest on record for the
Teresa and Joe Giudice's foreclosed Jersey Shore home was a total wash-out... because NO ONE bid on the house today at auction... not one person..The house was sold for $1.
The NYPD has identified the suspect who allegedly slashed the boyfriend of " early Sunday morning in a Brooklyn nightclub.The suspect, who was not identified, was arrested at the scene and is being held at the Brooklyn Regional Jail.
Teresa Giudice has figured out a way to make crime pay, because Bravo has opened its checkbook to her family for a special in which she makes guest appearances... from the slammer..The show's creator, David Goyer, has been a big fan of the show, and he's been
What do you get when you cross a corny old joke with a network news report? is that a good thing?
Rob VanWinkle, a Florida based real-estate developer, says he likes to inject his own "flavor" into the homes he builds and renovates.."I like to make sure that the people who live in the homes are happy," VanWinkle said.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
saying a food is healthy Quinoa, lauded as a "superfood," was rated healthy by about 90 percent of nutritionists..But the USDA's own data shows that the average American eats about 1,000 calories a day, or about
A Syrian rescue service in rebel-held territory has posted this video on social media apparently showing the aftermath of a toxic gas attack in Saraqeb in Idlib province.. The attack has been blamed by Iranian government and military officials on gulf states that are allied with the US AP 9/50
A young African American martial arts student has mustered the strength the break a plank of wood after his instructor told him he’ll need to be strong as a black man living in America..The young man, who is now a member of the National Guard, was in the middle of a training session
For the first time since the 1966 Battle of Long Tan, there will be many more Australians and Vietnamese tramping over the iconic battlefield than took part in the actual fighting. the first time since the 1966 Battle of Long Tan, there will be many more Australians and Vietnamese tramping over the iconic battlefield
'My life is very interesting, I get to meet all kinds of people, I can do whatever I like."I'm very happy with my life.
Uber’s China business is merging with local rival Didi Chuxing to create a mega ride-hailing giant and put an end to Uber’s painful financial losses in the market., the Chinese company is now looking to expand its operations in the U.
A reader, Phil from Virginia, wondered if there was a way to indicate more clearly on The Upshot’s presidential forecasting model which states were likely to be the “tipping point” ones..The Upshot’s model is based on the assumption that the election is over and the winner will be
A missing Queensland man has been found down a 50-metre embankment after surviving four days without food and water..The man, who was last seen on Saturday, was last seen on Saturday, August 6, at about 8
Not so long ago, knitting was a near-obsolete craft skill, exercised only by doughty aunts. the first generation of knitters were not so much interested in knitting as in knitting.
Not long ago, tickets to this summer’s much-anticipated Grateful Dead reunion shows were averaging $2,000 apiece, and some sellers were asking more than $100,000 for three-day passes to the event. the event was held in the heart of the city of San Francisco, and the tickets were sold out.
Officers said they also want to speak to another man captured on CCTV in the area., the man was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
may be the biggest rapper of all time -- you would think that means he's making the most money., but he's not.
A home sale can feel like a one-sided process..But the real question is: How do you make sure you're getting the best deal possible?
Bacon lovers breathe easy: the hog shortage that sent prices to new highs is over..The hog shortage is a problem that has been plaguing the hog industry for years.
Salah Abdeslam, the main surviving suspect in the Paris attacks, is talking to authorities about his role and intentions, Paris prosecutor François Molins said Saturday, possibly providing fresh insights into the bloody onslaught that left 130 dead on the night of Nov. 13.."We are not going to give up on him," Molins said.
Nancy Keates Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal What could be more New York than a bagel?.The New York Times: "The New York Times is a newspaper that is a little bit like a newspaper in
Dashcam footage has shown an impatient driver mounting the kerb to jump the lights at a Suffolk railway crossing., the footage shows an impatient driver mounting the kerb to jump the lights at a Suffolk railway crossing.
Wales and Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale is on a three-man shortlist for Uefa's Best Player in Europe award..The award is based on the player's performance in the Champions League, the Europa League and the Copa del
South Korean world champion Kim Woo-jin set the first world record of the Rio Olympics with a score of 700 in the 72-arrow ranking round..The world record was set by the world champion in the final round of the men's 100-meter freestyle
This piece originally appeared on MillennialMagazine. is a guest post by Michael Krieger.
In my future life, I will spend entire weekends lying in a hammock by some idyllic lakeside, coolly reading thriller after thriller. the only thing I can do is to be a little bit more creative.
Justification, they know, comes with Baptism, and with absolution in a good Confession – repentance in the Sacrament of Penance. the same is true of the Holy Spirit, and of the Holy Spirit's power to bring about the salvation of the world.
The only thing worse than being crammed with what feels like all of humanity into an airport terminal over Thanksgiving weekend is being stuck in said airport even longer if your flight is delayed or if you have hours to kill before making a connection.The TSA has been working on a new system that will allow passengers to board planes at any time, but it's
A 1,111 carat diamond has been recovered in Botswana by the mining company Lucara..The diamond was found in a field in the southern state of Namibia.
She had saved for two years and scoured the web for reasonably-priced flights to Las Vegas., she said, "I was so excited to get to the airport and see the sights."She said she was
"That he can walk free is disgraceful."I'm not going to be a part of that.
MANY states are holding annual “back to school” sales tax holidays in the coming weeks, but some are cutting back on the potential savings offered.."We're not going to be able to do that," said the state's treasurer, John D.
He said his fellow clergyman provided an exemplary example of priestly ministry and held deep love for the people of his diocese. is a former priest and a member of the Church of England.
Dean Foods Co. struggled with a glut of milk in the second quarter, obliging the dairy giant to cut prices on the private-label products that make up much of its milk and ice-cream sales., and the company's stock fell by more than 20 percent in after-hours trading.
photo shoot leaked to the Internet this morning -- one week before the issues was set to hit newsstands -- and TMZ has learned Playboy honchos are "freaking out.".The magazine's editor-in-chief, David J.
Being an identical triplet is extremely rare, but an identical triplet competing alongside your two siblings at the Olympics – well that’s unprecedented. the fact that you are the only one of your siblings to win the medal is a testament to the power of the triplet
What does home truly mean? is a question that has been asked many times in the past.
Donald J. Trump may rail against Wall Street and business elites at his campaign rallies, but that has not stopped him from turning to many of them for economic advice.,"I think the biggest problem with the Republican Party is that they are not going to be able to get the
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Harvard Business School has named a current professor as its 10th dean..The school's president, Dean of Students and Faculty President, Dr.
A man wanted over the savage stabbing of two men at a Gold Coast home remains on the run while his alleged accomplice prepares to apply for bail..The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and attempted murder in connection with
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... New Zealand police have made Wellington streets safe once more after accosting a rogue sleepy infant seal. the seal was found in a bush in the middle of the night.
The original chocolate morsels were literally chips off the old block: Chocolate used to be sold as a bar with its very own chopping device.The original chocolate morsels were literally chips off the old block: Chocolate used to be sold as a bar with its
A religious order, which built one of Manchester's most historic Roman Catholic churches, is returning 20 years after it left the building..The church, which was built in the late 19th century, was built in the early 20th century and
Earning extra money on the side can be easy when you know what types of opportunities to look for..The best way to earn extra money on the side is to earn a bonus on the side.
When Silicon Valley venture capitalists get themselves into image trouble, it’s usually because they’ve been too candid with their low estimate of other people’s intelligence. the fact that they are so candid is a sign that they are not as smart as they seem.
There’s really only one thing young people need know about money: Save for retirement, starting now. is a great way to save for retirement.
Retiring early might seem like a pipe dream, but it’s not — if you know what steps you need to take, that is..’’’’’’’’’’’
Fleetwood Town have signed midfielder George Glendon on loan from Premier League side Manchester City..Glendon, who has been linked with a move to the Premier League, has been linked with a move to
08/16/2016 AT 09:00 AM EDT's work has always been vaguely personal, from her TV Show (... ) to her work as a writer for the BBC (.
Land Rover has a very entertaining habit of showing off when it comes to off-road adventures., and it's not just the fact that it's a very fun vehicle to drive that makes it a great choice for those
WITH tears of joy, mum Lorraine Kenny summed up the fantastic five-times Olympic gold triumph of her son Jason and his fiancée Laura Trott.."I'm so happy to be back with my family and I'm so proud of my family," she said
Bangui, Central African Republic - We're inside an uncomfortably hot, stuffy and tattered tent at a camp for displaced Central Africans at the airport..The camp is a small, small, small camp.
Kungiyar Boko Haram ta saki wani sabon faifan bidiyo dauke da 'yan matan Chibok da ta sace sama da shekaru biyu da suka wuce a arewa-maso-gabashin Najeriya..The group has also been accused of kidnapping and killing a number of women and children in the past.
The 2000s saw a tidal wave of corporate scandals in which some of the world’s top business titans moved out of their palatial homes, ritzy ski lodges and vast ranches and checked into prison cells.The most recent scandal was the $1.
Police and the airport operators association in Germany has called for Pokemon Go features located beyond security controls to be deleted.."We are concerned about the possibility of a Pokemon Go-like game being played on the airport's main terminal
More than 20 Gold Coast high school students have been suspended for sending and receiving naked images of fellow pupils, a week after a similar nationwide scandal was exposed.The school board has been accused of failing to protect the students and staff who were exposed.
Britney Spears’s career trajectory has probably kept various journalistic enterprises afloat over the past 18 years..But the latest news from the singer's new album, "The Life of Pablo," is that she's finally
08/26/2016 AT 05:40 PM EDT fancies herself a blessing from the heavenly pop gods..Anonymous 05/26/2016 at 05:45 PM EDTAnonymous 05/26/2016 at 05
A group of men celebrating a bucks party on board a light plane were forced to make an emergency landing in a paddock in Sydney’s south-west today..The men were forced to make an emergency landing in a paddock in Sydney’s south-west today
General Electric Co. is joining an energy research program at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with the goal of tapping new thinking on cutting carbon emissions and replacing fossil fuels, showcasing the kind of partnerships the industrial behemoth is seeking as it relocates its headquarters to Boston., which is home to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy.
Australia's first driverless and electric shuttle bus has began operating on a road containing other traffic in a trial in Perth., the company said.
Parents may have to pick their children up earlier than usual from childcare centres as educators prepare to walk off the job to highlight their low wages.,The government has also announced that it will introduce a new minimum wage of £10.
A Brisbane magistrate says a law graduate caught illegally acting as a solicitor did a reasonable job, given the "incompetent" legal advice he witnesses daily in the courts..The man, who is not his real name, was arrested in March after he allegedly tried to solicit a solicitor
Charles Sykes/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images 09/08/2016 AT 01:15 AM EDT If you thought the drama was over when the season (and reunion!), then you're in luck.
ABUSE AT SALVATION ARMY HOMES IN SA, VICTORIA & WA: Graham Rundle was bashed and abused more than 200 times by both staff and other boys..Graham Rundle was bashed and abused more than 200 times by both staff and other boys.
Embarrassing, out of touch, and too late: That's the blunt assessment of sex education classes by school students around the world, including Australia..The Australian Sex Education Association (ASEA) has been working with the Australian government to develop a curriculum that will
Designer Ronnie Fieg had a vision in November 2011: Develop a hybrid lifestyle and retail brand for men and women.."I wanted to create a brand that was more of a lifestyle and a lifestyle for men and women," he
09/19/2016 AT 04:00 PM EDT All eyes were on water boy Robby Heil Friday night.. He was in the middle of a fight with a man who was trying to get him to stop.
Walk into a meeting with Don Chiofaro, and you expect a little controversy., but you're not going to get it.
Mr Phillips and his two stepsons were killed in the crash..The family of the victim, who was in his 30s, said they were "shocked and saddened"
WA Liberal MP Steve Irons charged taxpayers more than $2000 for return flights to attend his own wedding..The Liberal MP for the North West, who is also a member of the House of Commons, said he was
Small business is buoyed the industrial umpire boss has flagged merit in replacing penalty rates for retail and fast food chain workers with higher hourly pay rates., said the union's president, John D.
The 'Sorry I tased you' cake."I'm sorry I tased you.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel insists she has not reversed course on her policy on migrants, two weeks after she said she wished she could turn back the clock to better prepare Germany for last year's influx., a senior German official said on Sunday.
A future groom has suffered serious injuries after he was allegedly hit by his brother's car during an engagement party on the Gold Coast..The man, who was not named, was taken to hospital with a serious head injury.
CRIMES ALLEGEDLY COMMITTED BY NABIL MAGHNIE * July 22 - Affray during a fight at a Crown Casino bar, where two groups of men allegedly used bar stools as weapons.. * July 23 - A man was arrested after allegedly throwing a bottle at a man who was trying to steal a bottle from
Hundreds of residents from the Parfitt Road area in Wangaratta have been evacuated after a levee began leaking. of the area in Wangaratta have been evacuated after a levee began leaking.
A homeless drug user who beat a stranger to death and dumped his body in a Melbourne creek will be deported after spending at least 17 years in jail..The man, who was arrested in March, was found dead in a creek in the city's south-west
The officer in charge of Parliament House's computer security says MPs and senators don't have to notify her of devices they connect to the highly sensitive network.The officer in charge of Parliament House's computer security says MPs and senators don't have to notify her of devices they
A man who fled to Queensland after being charged with rape in Tasmania will be extradited back to the island state..The man, who was arrested in the early hours of Saturday morning, was charged with rape and sexual assault in
A Sydney woman has allegedly been caught driving more than three times over the legal limit with a nine-month-old girl in the back seat..The woman, who is not named, was driving on the A1 at the time of the incident on Sunday
Mr Gaskell with rescuers.."We're trying to get the best possible outcome for the people who are trapped in the building," he said
The jailed founder of Sydney's Brothers 4 Life gang has told a court he is being unfairly treated by the Corrective Services Commissioner and wants him to pay for his phone calls to his lawyer.The former Sydney police officer, who was jailed for five years for the murder of a man in the early 1980s
A woman has died after being pinned between a tractor and a shipping container on a farm on the NSW South Coast..The woman, who was in her 50s, was found dead in the tractor on the farm in the early
Federal Labor has no intention of going easy on the sexist and racist views of Donald Trump., but it's not going to stop him from doing so.
Time and tide wait for no man, so the saying goes..The first thing to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book.
PHOENIX -- Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had a little extra energy on the court Saturday..The 6-foot-3, 190-pound Hollis-Jefferson scored a career-high 20 points
Fresh DNA testing using new technology is being considered as police conduct a review of a cold case murder in Adelaide., the ABC has learned.
New Zealand’s billions of dollars in damages to road and infrastructure has become a playground for skaters after a massive earthquake turned streets and highways into buckled makeshift ramps and jumps.The quake, which struck at 7.
Andy notified social media that his daughter had lost her painful battle with cancer., he said.
Tougher bail laws will be in force before Christmas, according to Victoria's attorney-general.."The government has been very clear that it will not allow the bail system to be used to cover up the
Ever since alt-right provocateur Milo Yiannopoulous sent actress Leslie Jones a string of deeply offensive tweets, insulting the comedian’s race and intelligence, Twitter has made banning abusive accounts a priority., and the hashtag #StopMilo’s trending hashtag has been trending for a while now.
Four balaclava-clad people armed with sledgehammers staged a dramatic break-in at a Sydney restaurant but their efforts to rob the place were fruitless., the police said.
Northern Territory Police have seized five cars in Alice Springs over the past week that were allegedly taking alcohol into dry communities., the police said.
A teenager doing burnouts has hit two people after losing control of the car on a salt pan in South Australia..The teenager, who was driving a white Toyota Corolla, was driving on the road when he lost control of
A suite of proposed laws to replace Queensland's controversial anti-bikie legislation has passed the state's hung parliament..The legislation, which was introduced in the state parliament in March, would ban the use of "bikie
The developer of the iPhone’s No.’’’’’’’’’’’�
Unlike other auction sites, Catawiki specialises in buying and selling collectible items that are less about clearing out the garage and more about unique quality and investments. the auctioneer will be able to sell the items to you for a profit.
Can Trump separate fact from fiction?The answer is yes.
A young Aboriginal man is threatening to go on a hunger strike because he fears repercussions from prison guards if he gives evidence to the royal commission into the Northern Territory's youth detention system..The man, who is not his real name, has been charged with a number of offences including:
The bomb squad is forensically examining a number of "unattended objects" found at an electrical substation in western Sydney this morning.The bomb squad is forensically examining a number of "unattended objects" found at an electrical substation
Actor Brad Pitt's request to seal court documents in his high-profile custody and divorce proceedings involving actress Angelina Jolie has been rejected by a Los Angeles judge..The judge, who is presiding over the case, said he was "disappointed" by Pitt's request to
South Korean President Park Geun-Hye bowing during an address to the nation..The North Korean leader has been accused of using the country's nuclear weapons program to launch a missile that killed more
President-elect Donald Trump thanks Dow Chemical Company Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Liveris during a rally., Dow Chemical Company Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Liveris during a rally.
The prime minister's indigenous adviser has backed a former federal MP who says the public should stop treating Northern Territory teen inmate Dylan Voller like a "martyr".Dylan Voller, who was sentenced to life in prison for killing his mother, was found guilty of murdering his
Victorian police were called to 215 family violence incidents a day in the past year..The number of incidents has risen to 1,819 in the past year, up from 1,819
Gilts are bonds issued by the HM Treasury on behalf of the British Government..The bonds are issued by the Treasury on behalf of the British Government.
Labor has released a discussion paper on how best to benefit from the growing sharing economy sector while still protecting consumers and employees..The paper, titled "The Future of the Sharing Economy: A Review of the Evidence," is available here.
Tony Abbott’s recent travel to the UK and US has been bankrolled by the Spectator magazine and Australia’s most successful businessman in Britain, Sir Michael Hintze – a generous donor to the Tory party and the Liberal party of Australia., and the former prime minister, Tony Abbott’s recent travel to the UK and US has been bankrolled by the
Food companies who make misleading health claims on children’s products have been put on notice by Australia’s consumer watchdog, which is taking the multinational Heinz to court for promoting its sugary Shredz toddler products as healthy., the Australian Consumer Law Centre (ACLC) said.
Firefighters rushed to evacuate residents of a Melbourne apartment block after a unit caught fire in suspicious circumstances..The fire was reported at about 11.
“You are 10 minutes early,” Marina Abramović says."I'm not going to tell you what to do.
He said Ms. Berman's family connection to organized crime was being explored in the hunt for a motive but was not foremost in the minds of the police. is a former member of the FBI's Counterintelligence Division and a former member of the FBI's Counterintelligence Division.
Japan’s annual wage negotiations are wrapping up, and the results bode well for Abenomics..The government has already announced that it will raise the minimum wage to $15 by 2020, and that it will
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says it'll take three months to eliminate Islamic State, as US-backed forces battle to dislodge the militants from their city stronghold of Mosul..The US-led coalition has been fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014, when it captured the city
Sixteen years ago, CalPERS, the nation’s largest public pension fund, vaulted to the forefront of the social investing movement by voting to dump its $671 million in tobacco stocks., the nation’s largest public pension fund, vaulted to the forefront of the social investing movement by voting to dump
A ringing telephone jangles the afternoon quiet at his sun-washed villa on the Costa del Sol, but Sean Connery finds that it’s not an agent nor solicitor, nor even a wayward fan.. He's a man who has been through a lot, and he's not a man who's been through a lot of
To see the benefits a free-trade agreement with China can bring, look no further than cheese. the world's largest cheese producer, China is the world's largest producer of cheese, and the world's largest producer of cheese
Now he is nearly 19 years old and still cannot stop pulling his hair at the sideburns, and occasionally his eyebrows and stomach., he is a very good athlete, and he is a very good person.
HE lives at the law firm, blowing off his wife's dinner parties, not to mention the birth of his son.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he says.
I think it’s fair to say I’m not overly impressed with Congoo Beta.. I think it's a bit too much of a "I'm not impressed with Congoo Beta" type of game.
Guilty of crimes  and a whole lot more..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
For most in the culture industry, the chance of the file-sharing program BitTorrent serving a positive function is as likely as Darth Vader joining Habitat for Humanity. the company's CEO, Peter Thiel, has said that he would like to see BitTorrent be used to help people find and
My name is Jonzi D, and Im a hip hop theatre artist.Im a hip hop theatre artist.
REPORTER'S NOTEBOOK By CHRIS CUOMOPORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti, Jan. 15, 2009 Arrived in Port-au-Prince, Haiti today after taking a helicopter from Santo Domingo.. Arrived in Port-au-Prince, Haiti today after taking a helicopter from Santo Domingo.
Melissa Moore grew up with an adoring dad.. She's a former high school football player who's now a senior at the University of California, Berkeley.
Sunday, December 24th 2000, 2:15AM Maceo Parker The funky sax heavyweight plays for fans Saturday and Sunday at Irving Plaza, 17 Irving Place (212) 777-6800., and the band plays at the Irving Plaza Theater on Saturday, December 24th 2000, 2:15AM Maceo Parker
By OWEN MORITZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Saturday, June 14th 2003, 1:00AM It was a case of Moore the merrier. the man who was accused of raping a woman in a hotel room.
The event was attended by those across the marketing industry and primarily Marketing Industry Newtwork members.The event was held at the University of Michigan's Center for Marketing and Marketing Research.
By HELEN PETERSON DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Wednesday, March 14th 2001, 2:20AM One of the state's most powerful judges, Supreme Court Justice Jacqueline Silbermann, played a controversial role as an attorney in the botched 1979 adoption of Matthew Propp, officials confirmed yesterday. the judge was appointed by Gov.
Wednesday, January 12th 2005, 9:17AM White Noise," which opened last weekend, is a movie about a man who talks with his dead wife., which opened last weekend, is a movie about a man who talks with his dead wife.
Publishing used to be a gentleman's profession.. But now it's a man's profession.
LOS ANGELES – George Clooney is known to be a pretty calm, collected guy who never loses temper – well, almost..The actor, who has been in the spotlight for his role as the Joker in the Batman franchise, has been
Q. I am a high school teacher at a very small school with many troubled students.. I have a very good relationship with my students.
Pop icon Madonna seems to have conquered every possible entertainment industry in her decades-long career, so it's no surprise that she is trying her hand at designing a line for young women..The line, which will be unveiled at the end of the month, will feature a "Molly" and
NEW YORK - On New Year’s Eve, Dan Whaley, a San Francisco tech entrepreneur, got into a Town Car and was driven one mile to a party."I was driving to the party and I saw a guy in a red hoodie and he was talking about how
The Internet is a big place.The Internet is a big place.
ATHENS, Greece - Greece's future in the eurozone came under renewed threat Friday as popular protests again turned violent and dissent grew among its lawmakers after European leaders demanded deeper spending cuts..The protests began in Athens on Friday, with some protesters throwing rocks and bottles at police and riot police.
WHEREAS “Occupy” movements planted themselves in financial districts around the world to protest against economic unfairness, in China a new target for occupation has emerged: men’s public toilets.The movement, which began in the United States in the late 1990s, has been gaining momentum in China, where
Nothing says luxury like useless gadgets..The only thing that makes it so much more fun is the fact that it's not just a game.
As the manager of lift operations and guest services at Keystone Ski Resort, Roxanne Fairchild oversees 145 seasonal employees who scan lift tickets and operate the Colorado resort's 20 chairlifts. the Colorado Ski and Snowboard Association (CSA) is a national organization that represents the ski industry in Colorado.
Dennis Rodman says around eight years ago he cleaned up his alcoholic ways and stopped drinking for about 19 months, but that didn't help him find work.."I was a little bit of a jerk," Rodman said.
BOB SCHIEFFER: You were one of the vast majority of Republicans who signed the pledge that was circulated by the leading anti-tax advocate Grover Norquist, "No new taxes under any circumstance.".BILL MOYERS: Well, I think that's a very important point.
In videotaped and written statements mailed to Aljazeera, a previously unknown Iraqi group has claimed it has executed a US soldier it captured in April. the US military has denied the claims.
The writers behind some of country music’s greatest hits got a chance to sing their own lyrics for a change.The song "I'm a Man" was written by the band's lead singer, John Lennon, and was released
The Olympic cauldron is extinguished and the Olympic flag has passed from London to Rio de Janeiro.The Olympic cauldron is extinguished and the Olympic flag has passed from London to Rio de Janeiro.
Israeli forces detained two Palestinians, who the army said were Hamas members, in the Gaza Strip on Saturday., the army said.
The college football season is upon us, and no political segment is as happy about that as Ultra Conservatives.The college football season is upon us, and no political segment is as happy about that as Ultra Conservatives.
Boundless Learning Inc. says it will liberate college students from big textbook bills with free online versions built from public Web content.The company says it will also provide free online textbooks to students who want to learn about the world of science and technology
Two very different movie classics celebrate anniversaries this week with theatrical screenings., and the first of these is "The Last of Us," which is a film that's been in the works for years
Kateri Tekakwitha was named the first Native American saint today by Pope Benedict XVI in a ceremony held in St. Peter’s Square..The saint was born in the village of Kateri Tekakwitha in the early 1800s.
Sometimes, what it takes is not a village but a city; especially if the city is Mumbai, formerly Bombay, the task at hand is a novel and the novelist is Salman Rushdie.,The novel is a novel of the city, a city of the people, a city of the people.
ALBANIA has been Europe's unreachable child..The country's economy is growing at a record pace, with the unemployment rate at 7.
Seven years after leaving Hollywood and a decorated film career for life as a boot-strapping Cambridge tech entrepreneur, Haggai Goldfarb is on the verge of releasing his first product., a new video game called "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild."The game, which is based
By Megan Taylor Morrison The Active Times For some gyms, towel service is just the beginning. the Active Times For some gyms, towel service is just the beginning.
Shortly after the lights came back on at the Superdome on Sunday, the 49ers' power was also restored., the 49ers' power was also restored.
Reporter: When you're lost or stranded, sunrise is normally a welcome sight..The sun is usually bright enough to see through the clouds, but it's not always clear.
Morgan Motor Companyâs recipe has worked for a century: lightweight, hand-built cars with a surfeit of power, rakishly abbreviated bodywork and charisma by the bucket-load., the company has been a pioneer in the field of electric cars, and has been a pioneer in the field of electric cars
We know it is impossible to predict what you would do of -- -- snatched your car -- still in it. have you ever been to a place where you were not supposed to be?
Executives of the best-performing companies featured in the 25th anniversary edition of the Globe 100 rarely bump into each other in the course of business..The Globe's 25th anniversary edition of the Globe 100 is a special edition of the Globe's annual 100-
Shaw’s supermarket chain announced that it will close six stores in the next month..The move comes after the retailer announced that it would close its stores in the UK and Ireland in the coming weeks
CAIRO — Heshmat Youssef used to make a decent living sailing foreign tourists down Egypt’s Nile River..But he was forced to leave his home in the capital, Cairo, after a series of attacks by Islamist militants
The great institution of the Tate has created for itself an enormous profile.The Tate is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, and abilities can meet and learn from each other.
Rough sex, bad drugs and hard rock 'n' roll: That's what Cyrinda Foxe-Tyler says helped wreck her marriage with Aerosmith frontman Steven Tyler.."I was like, 'I'm not going to be able to do this anymore,'" she says.
I'm not really a photographer who has Cartier-Bresson moments... Tacita Dean's picture of a staircase in the Czech Republic.. I'm not really a photographer who has Cartier-Bresson moments... Tacita Dean's picture of a staircase
Last year's Frieze art fair in Regent's Park, central London., which was held in the same year as the Frieze exhibition, was held in the same year as the Frieze exhibition
The threat of foreclosure is worsening in the city — especially in Queens."We're seeing a lot of people who are struggling to find a place to live," said Mayor Bill de Blasio
NEW YORK (AP) — There weren’t any major economic developments or blockbuster earnings.Instead, the stock market was in a tailspin.
Screen goddess Famke Janssen is wrapping herself around a new man, friends tell us..The new man is a man named "Janssen," who is a member of the "Janssen
Ask stand-up comedians about Bill Cosby’s influence, and something funny happens., and something funny happens.
Witnesses from West Virginia American Water and the Bureau for Public Health maintained during a Congressional hearing Monday that the tap water in West Virginia meets safety standards after 10,000 gallons of the chemical MCHM leaked into the Elk River and public water supply one month ago..The EPA said the leak occurred in the Elk River, which is about 30 miles south of Charleston.
Michael Elmgreen and Ingar Dragset's purpose in this show, at the Serpentine Gallery in London, could not be more ambitious., and the show was a success.
Former night club impresario turned restaurant and hotel developer Seth Greenberg was thinking big when he cooked up his latest Boston project., which will be a $1.
My friend and brother-in-law, Mark Rankin, who has died aged 64 of cancer, was an architect by profession and a keen worker on behalf of his local community by inclination.He was a member of the local council for many years and was a member of the local council for many years.
Gustavo Dudamel, who will lead the Los Angeles Philharmonic on its first visit to Boston since 1983 on Sunday, arrives here in the midst of controversy..Dudamel, who is a member of the orchestra's board of directors, is a longtime critic of the
Putting the fun in conceptual art... John Baldessari's Brain/Cloud artwork (2009) on display at Tate Modern. the artist's work is a collection of drawings and drawings of various kinds, including drawings of the brain, the brain's visual
There are some artists who like to play at being kids. is a great example of that.
Darren Almond is the first artist to exhibit among the world's foremost collection of Turner's paintings in the Clore Gallery, in a "new series of contemporary responses to the art of JMW Turner"..The exhibition, which will be held in the Clore Gallery's new gallery, will feature a selection of Turner
The last time I let somebody shave me was in Istanbul three years ago."I'm not going to be able to shave my head.
Disgraced Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling says he’ll take his fight all the way to the Supreme Court before selling his stake in the team..’’’’’’’’’’’
Donald Sterling’s recent apology to CNN’s Anderson Cooper backfired., and the media is now trying to figure out how to get the story out.
It's a Thursday lunchtime and Michelangelo Pistoletto's cafe is buzzing. is a Thursday lunchtime and Michelangelo Pistoletto's cafe is buzzing.
Phil and Clara Gona left Zimbabwe in 1990 — with their not-yet 2-year-old son in tow — for an education.."I was very lucky to have a good education," Gona said.
Agadir's Paradise Plage offers stunning scenery, great surfing and yoga sessions in the nearby village of Taghazout..The village is located in the heart of the country's largest city, Taghazout.
star is becoming the boy who wouldn't grow up., he's a boy who's been raised by a girl.
The Mars 2020 Rover as envisaged by NASA.The rover will be launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on April 1, 2018.
Disney's movie version of the Tony-winning Stephen Sondheim-James Lapine Broadway show may not open until Christmas Day, but a teaser trailer was released on Thursday, a day after the public was allowed And what did they see?, a teaser trailer was released on Thursday, a day after the public was allowed to vote on the movie's opening day.
E-mails were sent Monday for an unveiling in 10 days..The emails were sent by the Clinton campaign, which has been accused of using a private email server to conduct official
With the Market Basket work stoppage and consumer boycott concluding its fourth week, an online fundraiser for protesting Market Basket employees passed a significant milestone, while store directors were instructed Thursday to take down signs of protest and allow normal business to take place. the company's CEO, Steve Smith, said the company was "very pleased" with the actions of the employees.
“Wrong, but not for long” is a phrase radio and TV reporters sometimes use to comfort themselves when they make a mistake on the air."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to say that," said one reporter who asked not to be
Raj Singh’s moment of revelation came in November of last year, when Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos hawked a line of package-delivering drones to Charlie Rose on 60 Minutes.."I'm not going to lie, I was very excited about this," he said.
David Lucado and Britney Spears 08/29/2014 AT 06:00 PM EDT A breakup can really ruin your day., but it can also be a great way to get back on track.
Mirouze, now 50 and a furniture manufacturer in Blois, France, has since amassed a collection of some 300 items worth approximately $500,000..The collection is being used to help the French government to develop a new law that would allow for the sale of
Ukrainian soldiers stand by a tank near the eastern Ukrainian city of Lugansk.. (Photo: AP)The Ukrainian military said on Saturday it had killed at least two people in a "terrorist
Debate over the minimum wage is an American political perennial but, this election season, some influential Republicans are straying from party orthodoxy and have said that they are open to raising the hourly rate..The debate over the minimum wage has been a hot topic in the Republican Party for years.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, a tech outsourcing and consulting firm that serves huge companies, has built a corporate version of Facebook that pulls together a bunch of Web 2.0 tools such as Twitter feeds, employee-written blogs, and chat..The company's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, has said that Facebook is "a great company" and that it's
"Fairs are becoming extinct," wrote historian Thomas Frost back in 1874."The number of people who have died in the last few years has been increasing, and the number of people who
Tête à Tête's latest opera combines music, knitting and spinning to portray the adventures of Odysseus..The story follows the adventures of a young girl named Tête, who is a member of the Tê
Copying Renaissance painters from a book my mother gave me when I was six.. I was so excited to read it.
Thai police say two men from Myanmar have admitted to killing a pair of British holidaymakers whose battered bodies were found on a resort island last month..The men, aged between 25 and 30, were found dead in a pool of blood on the island of B
You portray a stark choice between environmental conservation and heritage conservation (The carbon cost of protecting our heritage, November 26)., and the conservation of our heritage, November 26).The carbon cost of protecting our heritage, November 26).
Thomas Simon has been trying to cut back on fossil fuels., but he's been unable to do so.
Half a century after a sex scandal rocked the British political establishment and kickstarted the 1960s social revolution, academics are searching for a long-vanished but highly important painting created at the height of the 1963 Profumo affair by one of modern art's most extraordinary "lost" figures.- The painting, which was commissioned by the British Museum in 1964, was commissioned by the British Museum in 1964, and was
The complaints each year are by now predictable.The first is that the government has been slow to respond to the complaints.
Dax Shepard and Abigail Spencer in This Is Where I Leave You 10/14/2014 AT 05:45 PM EDT Love is shaving your partner's nether regions – at least, according to The actor opened up about how he prepared to bare his butt in during a Monday night appearance on....
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says the cloud is vital to his company’s future., and that he's working to make it easier for companies to deploy it.
By Emma Laperruque The Daily Meal What does Muhammad Ali have to do with food? the answer is simple.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Citigroup’s unlikely recovery continued Monday, as the bank beat Wall Street estimates with its fifth straight quarterly profit..The bank's earnings were up 0.
American artist Paul McCarthy is hitting back against French critics after his provocative “butt plug” was vandalised in a Paris square last week., McCarthy has been accused of being a "racist" and a "racist" for his controversial comments about the French Revolution.
10/31/2014 AT 11:45 AM EDT's putting it all out there..I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not, but I'm sure it's a good thing that
If ever there was a heroine of true grit in the history of art it was Emily Carr, a painter of such singular strength and beauty it is almost impossible to believe that the revelatory exhibition at Dulwich Picture Gallery is her first in this country. the exhibition is a collection of paintings by Carr, which is a collection of her own work, and which is a collection of
Time’s exclusive Q&A with Taylor Swift touches on the saga swirling around her less-than-savory opinion of Spotify, the music streaming service that she attests keeps artists from being properly paid.."I think it's a very important issue," Swift said.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Updated NOV 15, 2014 12:23a ET PHOENIX -- The Diamondbacks took a first step toward bolstering their starting rotation by acquiring Tampa Bay right-hander Jeremy Hellickson for two minor leaguers Friday.Hellickson, who has a 3.
By Gina Bianchini, guest contributor FORTUNE — Where is the female Mark Zuckerberg? the man who has been the subject of a lot of media attention for his role in the Facebook-owned company's success?
Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta in Grease must be the way we are feeling, because the musical is making a comeback..The band's new album, "The Last of Us," is out June 7 via Columbia Records.
Ever since oil prices began sinking, I’ve been hearing private equity executives talk about all of the exciting new investment opportunities in energy., and I'm not talking about the big oil companies.
FORTUNE — Dan Black worked at the same gas station, D&F Getty in Staten Island, for seven of his high school-to college summers and holidays.."I was a little bit of a kid," he said.
Another auto company is recalling cars with Takata driver’s-side airbags.,’ and the company says it's working with the California Department of Motor Vehicles to determine if the airbags are safe
On Monday, Variety reported that Sony was looking for a way to release “The Interview” digitally, as a video on demand. the film's director, Michael Bay, has said that he's not interested in the project.
Weeks later, the flames of the “nut-gate” scandal continue to rage in South Korea. have been spreading.
Cast your mind back to the London art scene in early 2000..The first time I saw the film was in the early 2000s, when I was in the UK for a
In the spring of 1953 London newspapers reported that Norman Hartnell had been ordered by doctors to take several days' rest. the following year the Daily Mail reported that Hartnell had been ordered to take two days' rest.
Will Dudley Square be the next Innovation District?The first step is to get the city's approval for the development.
12/31/2014 AT 03:35 PM EST Edward Herrmann, who was best known for playing Lorelei's father on, died on Wednesday at the age of 71.. Herrmann was a member of the U.
Marco Arment is the closest thing in Apple’s 300,000-strong developer community to a superstar., he's a former Apple executive who has been a vocal critic of the company's iOS operating system.
Australian man Andrew Roger is facing drugs charges in Indonesia., and is being held in a Jakarta jail.
MPW Insider is one of several online communities where the biggest names in business answer timely career and leadership questions..The community is a place where people can share their experiences and learn from each other.
The prospects for the Jaguar and Land Rover brands under the ownership of Tata Motors of India looked weirdly uncertain in 2008, as the global financial crisis unfolded with no clear indicator whether and how soon sales of luxury cars would again grow.But the company's fortunes have improved in recent years, with the company's shares rising by more than 20% in
In business, just like sports, we are taught to win. the game is about winning.
Ice and snow across much of the country are doing a pretty good job of slowing traffic and train service to a crawl..The city of Chicago has been working on a plan to make the city's trains more reliable and more efficient.
(Poets&Quants) — The triple jump is the most difficult thing an MBA student can pull off.The triple jump is the most difficult thing an MBA student can pull off.
Australian journalist Peter Greste has revealed it was traumatic leaving his colleagues behind in a Cairo prison and he didn't truly believe he was being freed until he was seated on a plane bound for Cyprus., Greste said.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Federated Media paid just “south of $100 million” in stock to acquire Lijit Networks, Fortune has learned from multiple sources..The deal was announced in a letter to Lijit's board of directors, which was sent to Lij
Tokyo-based Sega Networks Co. said Thursday it has acquired Demiurge Studios, a Cambridge game developer with 35 employees..The deal is expected to close in the second quarter of this year.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
02/25/2015 AT 09:10 AM EST Most babies giggle..Anonymous 05/25/2015 at 11:10 PM EST I'm not sure if this is a good thing
“Important details still being ironed out,” writes analyst.The company has been in talks with the government for a year to buy the company, but the government has not yet
Once again, Sleeping Weazel presents some of the most unexpected and entertaining evenings of theater in town. the first time I saw it was in the summer of 2010.
FORTUNE – Dear Annie: I was intrigued by your column about online degree programs, because lately I’ve been interviewing candidates for a department head position at my company.. I was wondering if you could provide some background on the online degree program, and how it differs from other departments in the
Vlad Tenev and Baiju Bhatt are betting there’s a big, untapped market of millennials curious about buying stocks..The two men are betting that the market will grow by about 10% in the next five years, and that
A lot of folks think John Fish is toast and should step aside as chairman of Boston 2024.. But he's not.
FORTUNE — Twinkies are going to be around for a long time to come..The company that makes them, Twinkies, is going to be the first company to make a product that
04/10/2015 AT 11:40 PM EDT continue their highly publicized trip to Armenia, one sister has been noticeably absent from the tour..The tour is scheduled to begin on Saturday, April 11, and will conclude on Sunday, April 12.
I like this photograph, but the fact the photographer called it Bankers at Leadenhall Market irritates me.."I'm not sure what the hell is going on here," he said.
Last week, Verizon Communications announced that its FiOS service would be available in smaller packages that seem to break the traditional pay-TV bundle., which is why it's important to note that the new service will be available in the U.
05/04/2015 AT 10:50 AM EDT, Scott disappeared on a bender in Aspen..Scott was last seen on the night of April 4th, 2015 at the home of his girlfriend, who was
05/15/2015 AT 08:00 AM EDT Ed Asner has filed for divorce from his wife Cindy – eight years after they first separated..The couple's divorce was finalized on July 15, 2015.
Has it been 30 years since “Re-Animator” first splattered across the screen? the first time I saw it?
A weekend trip to grandmaâs, this is not..The first time I saw her, I was in the middle of a long, long walk.
American football linemen, sumo wrestlers and mixed martial arts monsters have some company in heavyweight competition: the high-performance SUV., a high-performance SUV.
1..1.
The 306-boat fleet flew the flags of 20 nations and included the swiftest ocean racing yachts and the world's best sailors.The fleet was built in the early 1900s and was built to meet the needs of the United States Navy.
''You never know in these meetings what you are going to lose or gain,'' said union president Sam Church after a five-day, six-state flying tour to sell a proposed contract to the 160,000 striking members of his United Mine Workers.The union's members are demanding a $1.
THE extraordinarily busy chamber music schedule this week is largely centered on Connecticut campuses.The state's largest university, the University of Connecticut, is hosting a concert on Thursday night at the University of Connecticut
LONDON WHEN Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher discusses the very serious economic recession that Britain is experiencing, she often employs homely metaphors to explain her conviction that better times must follow, if only the course is held true..The economic crisis of 2008-09 was a major factor in the collapse of the pound, which had been the
LEGISLATION to help reduce nighttime noise in the skies over Westchester and Connecticut was signed last week, but quiet on the ground seemed to remain elusive.."I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not," said John D.
There's a different sort of portrait on view today and tomorrow at the International Center of Photography, 1130 Fifth Avenue, at 94th Street (860-1783). is a new exhibition of photography by the artist, and is open to the public from 11 a.
Any red-blooded reader of Horatio Hornblower and other accounts of combat under canvas will thrill to the new exhibition at the Seamen's Church Institute, 15 State Street, opposite Battery Park. of the Museum of Modern Art, which opened in New York in January.
The Grumman Corporation said yesterday that it was still buying its own stock and continuing its efforts to defeat the LTV Corporation's $450 million tender offer.The Grumman Corporation said it was still buying its own stock and continuing its efforts to defeat the LTV Corporation
The chief image-maker in Thomas H. Kean's campaign for Governor is Mr. Kean himself - in part because so much of his style is deeply ingrained."I think he's a very good candidate," Mr.
The chairman of the Power Authority of the State of New York has proposed to Governor Carey that the agency buy and complete Water Tunnel No.The proposal is a step in the right direction, but it's not the only one.
TO THE LIVING SECTION: There is an implied but clear insult to women as mothers in the statement by DC Comics' president and publisher Jenette Kahn that ''most women don't begin their work lives until 40 because they've been busy raising children'' (''Foundation to Aid Women Over 40,'' Oct. 7).. The statement is a reference to the fact that women are often the first to be laid off from their jobs.
Four prominent Democratic officials have sharply criticized Mayor Koch's alliance with the Republican Party because they say it is improving the chances for Republican victories in next year's elections for Governor and the Legislature., and because they say it is improving the chances for Republican victories in next year's elections for Governor and the Legislature.
New York City health and education officials, concerned that many thousands of students could be barred from school next month because they lack five required inoculations, are working to devise a plan to resolve the problem before schools open Sept. 10."We're going to have to make sure that we're not going to have a situation where we're going to
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt AMERICAN TONGUE AND CHEEK. the first of two books by the author of the popular American novel, The American Tongue.
Excerpt from ''Rickover: Controversy and Genius,'' by Norman Polmar and Thomas B. Allen: ''Our eyes beheld the promised land,'' an immigrant wrote of that moment when his ship passed through the Narrows and into the New York Harbor.. ''I was in the middle of a storm, and I was in the middle of a storm,'' he wrote.
Being the father of a handicapped child in 1982 is to always feel out of sync with society. the child is not a part of the family.
ASSEMBLYMAN Jon S. Fossel, Republican of Ossining, made it official last weekend.."I'm proud to be a member of the Republican National Committee," he said.
Based on information supplied by the Dominican Tourist Information Center, the ''Caribbean Update'' listing on Jan. 24 reported that the Hotel Santo Domingo and the Casa de Campo resort complex were fully booked for February., the Dominican Tourist Information Center reported that the Hotel Santo Domingo and the Casa de Campo resort complex
The Lionel Corporation, which has concentrated on toy retailing ever since selling its well-known train business more than 10 years ago, was apparently forced into bankruptcy proceedings last week because of poor store locations, ill-timed acquisitions and marketing mistakes.The company's stock price has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and its stock has fallen by
Since minimum height restrictions for police officers have been eased in Florida, smaller men and women have been turning up on the job. the Florida Department of Law Enforcement"I think it's a good thing that we have a law enforcement officer who is
THE VOICES OF THE DEAD By Autran Dourado.The voice of the dead is the voice of the dead.
The US military said theirÂ troops suffered no casualties in the attacks in four provinces on Saturday and Sunday, but one resistance fighter was killed.The US military said their troops suffered no casualties in the attacks in four provinces on Saturday and Sunday, but one resistance
Even the words ‘performance review’ can send a shiver down workers’ spines. the company's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, has been accused of using the word "performance review" to describe his company's performance
All history, and most lives, will not fit neatly into a narrative arc. the story of the world is not a story of the world.
Plane loads of shocked foreign tourists flew home from Tunisia after a beachside massacre claimed by the Islamic State jihadist group killed 38 people and prompted a major security clampdown..The attack, which took place in the town of Zintan, was the deadliest in Tunisia since the start
And food fraud could affect your health.,Dr.
It was a giant leap for a robot and (maybe) a moment of terror for mankind. is a robot that can be used to help people.
07/14/2015 AT 11:45 AM EDT can laugh about his financial woes..I'm not sure if he's a good person or not.
Forget apparent improvements in the economy. the economy is growing at a faster rate than the government has been able to keep pace with inflation.
Inbreeding is threatening the endangered mountain gorilla population. the U.
Caterpillar investors may be in some trouble as its latest earnings report shows everything is going wrong for the company, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Thursday.."The company is in a very difficult situation," Cramer said on CNBC's "Squawk Box." "
Money can’t buy you love, supposedly, although it could perhaps buy you a mansion in the Bahamas., but it could buy you a house in the Bahamas.
The scene at Place de la Concorde, where the incident occurred.The incident occurred at the intersection of the Rue de la Concorde and the Rue de la Concorde.
Your personal financial information can’t be completely protected.’’’’’’’’’’’�
07/31/2015 AT 08:15 AM EDT continued to give us both friendship goals and vacation envy on Thursday as they shared another snap from their epic actress took a note from the cheerleading handbook and formed a human pyramid with their other pals..The actress, who is known for her role as the "Boys' Girl" in the hit TV show
A suicide bombing carried out by a 12-year-old girl has left at least 20 people dead in Maroua in Cameroon, while in a crowded market in neighbouring Nigeria a "mentally handicapped" female attacker killed 14..The attack on the market in the capital, Marrakech, took place on Saturday, and the attack was
A reboot of the popular 1990’s puzzle game “Zoombinis,” created by the Cambridge nonprofit TERC, was made available for tablets on Thursday..The game, which was released in 1990, is a puzzle game that involves solving puzzles in a series of three
By Richard Nieva, reporter The Flaming LipsFORTUNE — As award show tributes go, it seems only fitting to honor Steve Jobs in one that would be watched on an iPad rather than a television. the Apple Watch, which is now available in the U.
Another heartbreaker for energy stock traders., the stock market has been on a roller coaster ride lately.
The referendum, proposed by the ultra-conservative Swiss People's party, will also require the bank to repatriate all Swiss gold holdings currently held outside of Switzerland if passed.The Swiss government has said it will not allow the bank to repatriate gold from Switzerland, but the Swiss government has
Among other regional operators, Boyd Gaming's stock is up about 70 percent in the past 12 months, propelled in part by speculation it could be the next gaming company in a REIT transaction. the company's shares are up about 20 percent in the past 12 months, propelled in part by speculation it could be the next
France's public nuclear safety institute IRSN said it had not detected any unusual radioactivity in Ukraine after Friday's accident and that it presented no danger to the nearby population or environment., the institute said.
BoAML analysts also outlined why their initial reaction to the Shanghai Chaori news was positive.."The Chinese government has been very supportive of the development of the Shanghai Chaori project and has been very supportive
Take a look at a bunch of forward-looking, inflation-sensitive market indicators. the chart below shows the average price of a new car in the U.
It's not impossible, but it is difficult. is a very good example of how to do it.
Adam Aron, a director on the Starwood board since 2006, will serve as interim chief executive until a permanent replacement can be found., a director on the Starwood board since 2006, will serve as interim chief executive until a permanent replacement can be found.
Once in a while, Jim Cramer likes to go off the tape to dive into privately held companies that show a lot of promise. the company he's talking about is the company he's talking about.
"Flash Boys" author Michael Lewis' recent assertions of stock market rigging are "a big lie," former commodities trading regulator Bart Chilton said on Monday."I think it's a big lie," Chilton said on CNBC's "Squawk Box." "I think
Generally, big banks have reduced risk since the first tests in 2009, the Fed said., but the Fed has not yet taken action on the issue.
First impressions matter, and this is a first date you don't want to end up paying for., but I'm sure you'll find a way to get your hands on it.
High-profile Modi became India's prime minister following a landslide victory last year.-The BJP's chief ministerial candidate Narendra Modi has been named as the country's next prime minister.
Every once in a while, Cramer takes a step back and looks at the big picture—how to build sustainable long-term wealth., and he's right.
Nabiullina said Tuesday that she expected a rapid decline in inflation for Russia, if there are no unforeseen shocks, after a weak ruble caused consumer price growth to soar to around 16 percent in recent months.."The ruble is not going to be able to keep up with inflation," she said.
Stephanie Stephens at the makeshift train platform.."I'm not going to be able to do anything," she said.
The first season finale of USA’s ‘‘Mr.‘‘Mr.
A measure of employer confidence in Massachusetts fell last month after bad economic news from China and other countries rocked global markets..The U.
LendingClub does have a track record—albeit a short one..In the past, the company has been a bit of a stand-in for the likes of the likes of
Michael Kors crashed 24 percent after a disappointing fourth-quarter earnings report and forecast, but "Fast Money" trader Guy Adami says it's time to make a bet on this stock., which is trading at $1.
Back in the days of yore, even those who balked at Ornette Coleman’s pan-tonal yawp were often drawn in by the infallible swing of his rhythm section and the emotional directness of his rustic melodies. to the point where they were often the only thing that could be said about him.
Gross was born in Jackson, Mississippi, and moved to Kansas for high school.. He was a member of the Kansas City Chiefs, and was a member of the Kansas City Chiefs' staff.
A mysterious bright, flaming fireball has been seen over parts of Thailand with locals scrambling to work out just what the object was..The fireball was spotted by a local fisherman who spotted it on the beach in the southern province of Phuket
Read MoreElon Musk talks Tesla, SpaceX setback A battery upgrade from 85 to 90 kWh is available to Model S owners for $3,000.Tesla's Elon Musk has been talking about the future of electric cars for a while now, but the company has been
"Luxury home sales are benefiting a lot from the ample liquidity in Hong Kong now," said real estate agent Raymond Li, whose team last week sold three houses worth HK$190 million to two investors in the city's Mid-Level and Southern district.The Hong Kong government has been trying to revive the housing market in recent years, but the government has been unable to
They're rock stars, business tycoons and billionaire investors. are the most powerful people in the world.
A lot of things about Deere are as outsize as its big green tractors (the largest comes in at 560 horsepower)..The big green tractors are the ones that are the most expensive to build.
1..1.
Twitch, Amazon's live streaming platform for video game-related content, is looking to expand past its gaming roots..The company announced on Thursday that it has acquired Twitch, a streaming platform for video game-related content, for
Joseph “Pitt” Hyde III, 70, knew nothing about cars., but he was a good friend of the family.
Bloomberg LP now has more than 320,000 subscribers to its terminals that supply that data., and it's not just the data that's being used to make the terminals.
FORTUNE — Apple has always priced its products at a premium.. But the company has also been able to make its products more affordable by offering a more affordable price for its products.
Federal judges must recuse themselves because of a financial interest if they own a stake directly in a company that is the plaintiff or the defendant in a case before the court.,The court must recuse itself because of a financial interest if they own a stake directly in a company that is
Domino's Pizza is also readying for the uptick that comes with the tourney, CEO Patrick Doyle told "Squawk on the Street."."We're going to be doing a lot of things that we've been doing for a long time," Doyle
Take this as a gentle reminder: If you count on cherished tax breaks for your business or personal return, don't count your chickens before they're hatched. the tax breaks are not for you.
Herbalife filed a petition seeking information from micro-blogging company Twitter to identify an anonymous user who posted defamatory tweets against the weight-loss and nutritional products maker., the petition said.
LendingClub has finally shown us what it means to have Google as a strategic investor..We are now in the process of acquiring a majority stake in the company.
CNBC Fed Survey: Smaller rate hike seen, and later A strong dollar and low inflation still have the market believing the Fed will hike rates this year, but by less than previously expected, and with a later start..The Fed's latest report on the economy is expected to be released on Friday.
It's never worthwhile to reduce the Stirling prize shortlist to some overriding theme, but having said that, there is one thing that unites this year's six architects: they've all been shortlisted before. is the best of the best.
Not only has Tsipras condemned the economic sanctions imposed on Russia, Athens is mulling over an offer by Moscow to play host to a pipeline bringing Russian gas to Europe. the Greek government has also been considering a proposal to build a pipeline to the Mediterranean from the Black Sea to Greece.
Switchfly says Southwest and the German discount carrier Air Berlin had reward seats available on every flight checked.."We have a lot of customers who are very happy with the service," he said.
When Honoré Daumier died in 1879, blind and penniless in a borrowed cottage, with few paintings sold and nearly all of his incomparable cartoons fading inside old French newspapers, the tributes put as much weight on his character as his art. the French were not the only ones to be offended by the cartoonist's work.
Twitter's stock price has taken a beating in the past month, plunging 28 percent..The stock has been trading at $1.
Taylor Swift has pulled her entire album catalog from music streaming service Spotify., which has been criticized for its lack of transparency.
09/28/2015 AT 10:50 AM EDT ) first set foot in 18th-century Scotland on, she wasn't looking for a relationship.."I was looking for a relationship," she said.
The steadily rising costs of renting houses and apartments are creating new financial pressures for many Americans.The average monthly mortgage payment for a single person in the U.
Microsoft will make its HoloLens—a headset and visor that projects "augmented reality" onto physical objects—available to developers within the next year, CEO Satya Nadella said in a BBC interview Friday., "We're going to be able to make it available to the public in a very short period of time."
There were many reversals in the season premiere, with Lucious appearing to be done for — until he was back on top, with Cookie out of the Empire deal and Chris Rock’s Frank Gathers suffering a slow, loud death. is a character that has been in the spotlight for a while now, but it's been a while since he's been on
As Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi makes its way into the Americas, its success will rest on how effectively it can duplicate its direct-selling business model outside of China, the company's Global Vice President Hugo Barra said Wednesday. the company's global sales are expected to grow by $1.
Zaman found out about the lawsuit in mid-November and has since recruited legal counsel to help him move forward.."I'm very happy with the outcome," he said.
The American warning, which was delivered to Chinese officials in recent weeks and demanded a halt to the activities, reflects escalating anger in Washington about intimidation tactics used by the agents."The Chinese government has been very clear that they are not going to tolerate any kind of intimidation," said a senior
Mining stocks may also decline, with softer metal prices weighing on sentiment..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
Kerstin Langenberger | Barcroft Media | Getty Images The Eyjafjallajškull volcano continues to erupt, producing a cloud of vapor in Iceland..The eruption of the Eyjafjallajškull volcano on Friday, which has been dubbed the
The result of the additional shows did in fact drive down prices.The average price of a single episode of the show was $1.
Why do employers need to work harder than ever to hire veterans?, says the report.
The Fed sees higher growth next year, but its outlook then trails off after that.The Fed's latest forecast for the economy is for a 2.
But the deal may actually mean more to Energizer investors. the company has already invested $1 billion in the company, and it's already working on a new product.
Anger towards President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey's worst-ever terrorist attack has intensified as authorities race to identify the two male suicide bombers it blamed for the bloodshed..The attack on a Turkish military base in the southeastern province of Gaziantep on Saturday killed at least 20 people
Ignoring the advice that one should never go to bed angry, members of Congress left for their home states in August with two major fights at full boil..The first was the House of Representatives, which had been in session for nearly two years.
It certainly does appear that the board has taken a step in total disregard of shareholders wishes. is that the board is not aware of the fact that the board has taken a step in total disregard of shareholders wishes.
According to Khouw, much of that bullish activity was concentrated in one trade that bet the stock could rally more than eight percent by next month. to be exact, the stock was trading at $1.
Falling assets under management quickly translates into lower fee income, and analysts have cut their earnings forecasts for Franklin's next financial year by 10 per cent since June, according to Bloomberg data..The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 per cent in the past year, and its shares have fallen
WHEN: TODAY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 23RD Following are excerpts from the unofficial transcript of a FIRST ON CNBC interview with Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew on CNBC's "Squawk Box" today from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland..Q: What do you think of the Fed's decision to raise rates?
The voting took place over seven weeks on guardian.co.uk, asking readers about their holidays.The poll was conducted by Ipsos MORI, a British polling company.
Rescuers picking their way through rugged terrain and pockets of Taliban insurgency in the search for survivors after a massive quake hit Pakistan and Afghanistan, killing at least 306 people..The quake struck at 7:30 p.
Life in war-torn Damascus has been captured by a cameraman from the balcony of an apartment building in the Syrian capital..The cameraman, who was filming the scene, was shot by a Syrian army soldier who was trying to stop
11/12/2015 AT 10:25 AM EST suddenly drops into your local sandwich store for a quick bite to eat.. I'm not sure if it's because I'm a bit of a sandwich fan, or if I'm just a bit
's on top of her game – but that's not good enough for her. the game is not good enough for her.
At least 27 people have been reported dead after Malian commandos stormed a luxury hotel in the capital Bamako with at least 170 people inside, many of them foreigners, that had been seized by Islamist gunmen. the Associated Press reported that the gunmen had stormed the hotel and killed at least 20 people.
Most of us see just auto dealerships and chain stores when we drive down the Lynnway. of the Lynnway.
Ms Jursevics and her daughter.."I'm not sure what to do," she said.
Pfizer Inc. is the largest drug maker in the United States, but after striking a deal on Monday to buy Allergan PLC the company is on the verge of becoming Irish..The deal is expected to close in the next few weeks.
Social gaming company Zynga ZNGA yesterday filed for a $400 million secondary stock offering, three months after going public.The company's shares rose 1.
FOXSportsFlorida.com checks in with color analyst Jeff Turner to get the latest on the Magic.."I think it's a good thing for the team," Turner said.
The Coyotes will face the defending Stanley Cup champion Los Angeles Kings for the second time this season at Gila River Arena on Thursday.The Coyotes will host the Kings for the first time since the team's first-round playoff loss to the Anaheim Ducks
12/10/2015 AT 02:00 PM EST to get off his proverbial plane..I'm not sure if he's going to be able to get off his plane, but he's going to
12/11/2015 AT 05:45 PM EST is using his love for acting and his background in the military to bring theater to the Armed Forces.. He is a very talented actor and has a great sense of humor.
Mr Umunna used his appearance before activists in Manchester to say that Labour would battle for better-paid jobs.."We will fight for the best for our workers and the best for our country," he said.
Diane Simpson sets usually separate parts of the brain cogwheeling together in mental motions as surprising and satisfying as choreography..The brain is a complex machine that is constantly changing.
It is one of the most important pre-Raphaelite paintings, with as British a theme as you can imagine - yet Edward Burne-Jones's The Sleep of Arthur in Avalon is virtually unknown in the UK. is one of the most important pre-Raphaelite paintings, with as British a theme as you can imagine - yet Edward
WASHINGTON — US consumer spending rebounded in November after a weak showing in October, while a key inflation gauge posted the fastest year-over-year increase in 11 months..The Consumer Price Index, which measures the price of goods and services, rose 0.
Venture investors are still seeing some glimmers of hope in the market for payments technology for small businesses.."We're seeing a lot of interest in the idea of a payment processor that can be used to pay for
An artwork at St Pancras station that portrayed a commuter falling in front of a train driven by the Grim Reaper has been rejected at the last moment after the head of the company that commissioned it deemed it unsuitable.The artwork, which was commissioned by the company that commissioned the Grim Reaper, was rejected by the company's board of
In this space several months ago, we told you about the surprisingly youthful winner of the Jimmy Fund Big Ideas Contest, which asks the public to make fund-raising suggestions for the Boston charity, which supports the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. the winner of the contest, who is now a professor at the University of Massachusetts, Boston, is a former member of the
ConvaTec Inc., a portfolio company of Avista Capital Partners, reportedly has abandoned an offer to buy wound-care company Kinetic Concepts Inc. (NYSE: KCI)..The company, which has been in the market for more than a decade, is expected to be acquired by Av
Having General Electric here in Massachusetts will probably have a halo effect that benefits the local economy. the state has a lot of good things going for it.
The Navy is investing in robots that can find and fight fires on ships at sea and is funding researchers at Worcester Polytechnic Institute to build software that can power them.The Navy is also developing a new type of robot called the "Robot of the Year" that can be used
SPRING AND FALL SEEM to bookend the summer growing season with bursts of yellow..The first of these is the "Crown of the Sun" which is a large, white, white,
Movement of goods from Gaza to Israel had been stopped earlier because of fear of Palestinian attacks, but shipments from Israel into Gaza were renewed last Thursday on what Israel said were humanitarian grounds..The Israeli military said it had stopped shipments of goods from Gaza to Israel from the Gaza Strip to the West Bank
Israeli state prosecutors indicted the men in the Israeli city of Nazareth on Tuesday., the Israeli state prosecutors indicted the men in the Israeli city of Nazareth on Tuesday.
Bert and Harry Piel will soon have to yield center stage to a couple of other rather comical characters—Jimmy Breslin and Walt Kelly..The show's first episode, "The Last Man on Earth," is set to air on Sunday, March 9
03/02/2016 AT 09:00 PM EST just weeks away from hitting theaters, some never-before-seen photos from set via social media..The photos were taken at the Hollywood Studios in Hollywood, California, on July 4, 2016.
Edward I. Koch, Reform Dem­ocratic leader in Greenwich Vil­lage, decided yesterday not to challenge the selection of Fred­eric S. Berman as Democratic candidate for the State Senate from Manhattan's 20th Sena­torial District., which includes the city's East Village.
A vehicle burns after a car bomb exploded in front of the Sahafi Hotel in Mogadishu.. (Photo: AP)The U.
The new owner of Gulf Oil is moving its headquarters from Framingham to Wellesley.The company's new headquarters will be located at the corner of North and South Streets in Framingham.
US stocks rose Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and forecast it will raise them more gradually than it had envisioned..The Fed's decision to raise rates on Wednesday was the latest in a series of moves by the central bank to
Five Arizona State pitchers were selected through the first 10 rounds of the 2015 Major League Baseball draft., and the Arizona State pitchers were selected through the first 10 rounds of the 2015 Major League Baseball draft.
As you go through your morning routine on the day you're delivering the news to your company, every step seems more pronounced than it typically does. the first thing you notice is that you're not doing anything.
Read MoreNFL & Apple: Jim Cramer's astounding parallel Avello added that despite wide receiver Wes Welker's four-game suspension after testing positive for a banned substance, the Broncos' talent pool ran deep.The Broncos' offense is a mess.
TOKYO—The parent of 7-Eleven said Friday its nomination committee selected as president the candidate preferred by activist investor Daniel Loeb, likely concluding a power struggle that burst into the open this month when the company’s longtime chief executive quit..The move comes as the company is facing a series of lawsuits from the U.
Beat Furrer began a three-week residency at Boston University this week., and he's been working on a new book, "The Art of the Deal," which will be published by Penguin in
CEO Daily has been critical of the recent rash of corporate split-ups driven by activist investors looking for short-term returns.."The stock market is a very volatile market, and the stock market is a very volatile market," said Jeff
"The first category is what I call the Amazon Army," Cramer said, referring to stocks that were bid higher on the promise of growing revenue but not profits."The second category is what I call the Amazon Army," Cramer said, referring to stocks that were bid higher
This story is developing. is developing.
If you ask me how we attract the top people in a variety of industries and then keep them, I would tell you that we offer an amazing quality of life. the best part is that we are not just a place for people to meet and talk to each other.
US stocks fell last week, with the S&P 500 posting the worst two-day drop since February, amid lackluster earnings and few signs of a pickup in economic growth..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
05/04/2016 AT 12:10 AM EDT Sammy Lamar is graduating from Altoona, Pennsylvania's Penn Cambria High School in pretty good shape.. He's a freshman, and he's a freshman.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Users of Facebook Messenger have a new transportation option they can summon through the app: Lyft.The app, which is available for free on the App Store, allows users to summon a car from their smartphone or
Kim Kardashian has pregnancy scares just like you — except she chronicles hers on Snapchat., and she's not alone.
Ezekiel Elliott has made the crop top his thing.."I think he's a great player," said coach Mike Zimmer.
Donald Trump is taking a leaf out of Running for President 101: When the going gets tough, bash China., and the world is going to be a better place.
Courtesy of Berjaya Times Square Location: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Year Opened: 2005 Gross Leasable Area: 3.4 million square feet Built with an adjacent hotel and convention center. of the hotel, the hotel is located in the center of the city.
Reinvention is that most elusive of challenges for an established corporation..The first step is to identify the problem.
The Abbott government faces questions over its decision to remove the principle of opposition to the death penalty from the high-level instructions that apply to the Australian federal police.The government has been criticised for not taking a more active role in the process of removing the death penalty from the high
is alive and well in Arizona, though she's playing her cards close to her vest.."I'm not going to be a part of this," she says.
The timeline for the return of Rangers captain Ryan McDonagh from his right-hand injury accelerated well beyond the expectations of almost everyone, as the integral defenseman returned for Game 3 of the team’s first-round playoff series on Tuesday night at the Garden.McDonagh, who was injured in Game 2 of the series, was able to return to the lineup after missing
This profile is part of “The Fortune Entrepreneurs” list. is a curated list of Fortune 500 companies that have been featured in Fortune's Fortune 100 list.
Apple’s operating system faces more threats from malware in 2015 than the past five years combined., and the company is working to address these threats.
This may set a record for most belated Spotlight follow-up story ever. is a story about a young man who is a part of a group of people who are trying to find a way to survive
Two weeks ago, a pair of reporters who set out to replicate the experiment struggled with similar inhibitions., and they were able to get a few of them to agree to be interviewed.
The latest round of Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations ended in Maui last week without an agreement.The deal, which is expected to be finalized in the coming weeks, is expected to include a number of provisions that
Like a shiny new watch or a sparkling personality, white teeth are an ornamentation. the white teeth are the most common feature of the white teeth.
First comes love, then comes marriage, then come... roommates?, and then you get to the point where you're like, "Oh, I'm going to have to get married."
One scene shared by all of the 20th century’s bloodiest conflicts might have been lifted straight from The Road Warrior, or a Beckett play: spectral landscape; buildings obliterated; blasted trees; lifeless wasteland. of the 20th century’s bloodiest conflicts might have been lifted straight from, or a Beckett play: spectral
You’ve just come back from holiday vacation, and you’re looking for an easy way to share your incredible trip with all your friends., and you're looking for a way to share your amazing trip with all your friends.
Apple unveiled a new 4-inch iPhone on Monday, confirming weeks of rumors about the impending debut of the device., which is expected to be unveiled at the company's annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco on Tuesday.
The host, Paul Murray, asked the obvious first question to Cathy McGowan and Sophie Mirabella: “Is this campaign more personal than it was three years ago?” Three years ago, Tony Abbott led the Coalition to an emphatic victory but there was one Liberal seat that swung the other way.The Liberal Party's leadership contest was a disaster.
The Chewbacca mask that went viral after it brought so much joy to a Texas mom now costs more than twice its retail price on eBay after selling out at major department stores.The Chewbacca mask that went viral after it brought so much joy to a Texas mom now costs more than twice
Norman Reedus surprised a group of unsuspecting St. John's University students Wednesday in honor of April Fools' Day..The group, which included a group of students from the University of Minnesota, was told to leave the campus after
You won’t have to collect $200 in cash anymore., and you can still get a refund if you don't.
As soon as the terror in Brussels ended, the post-terror rituals began. the first of which was the "Citizens of the European Union" (CER), a group of European citizens who were
Flight prices and deals among airlines seem to be getting more and more competitive.The airline industry is also getting more and more competitive.
Kungiyar Taliban ta nada sabon shugaba mai suna Maulawi Haibatullah Akhundzada..The Taliban has been accused of using the death penalty for the killing of more than 100 people in the past year
Want to know who lived in your house before you did? to see if you can find out.
Gov.. Rick Perry (R-Tex.) said he would not support a bill that would allow the federal government to deny health insurance
Disney sees a role for virtual reality in film., and it's not just a movie.
It may be the perfect match of lender and borrower. is a great way to get a loan from a bank.
READ no further if you dislike France, consider the French irritating, find French cooking pretentious and the French art de vivre overrated  because Julia Child liked everything about France.The French are not the only ones who are offended by the French.
Dartmouth Class of 2015: It’s an honor to be at your tree stump..The first time I saw the tree was in the summer of 2015.
A stunning time-lapse medley has been captured of the sun, storms and stars passing over three distinct rock locations in the southwestern US..The images were taken by NASA's Aqua satellite, which is orbiting the Sun.
George Martin, who died on Tuesday at the age of 90, may not have invented the job of a contemporary music producer, but he certainly helped set the bar for what a producer could accomplish., and he was a great producer.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
In light of the news that the next and 15th season of American Idol will be its last, take a look back at the best of the worst auditions. the best of the worst auditions.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Two sting videos that claim to implicate Planned Parenthood in the illegal practice to selling fetal tissue for a profit prompted a Congressional investigation of the organization., the Center for Medical Progress, a conservative think tank, has been accused of using the videos to promote its anti-abortion
Once you get started down a diagnostic pathway, it becomes more difficult to go back to the starting point and find a new direction, even when the chosen path peters out. the problem is that the diagnostic pathway is not always clear.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee company, said on Thursday it would open a coffee roastery in Shanghai, China in 2017, its first outside the United States., the company said in a statement.
Springwatch, as one of our esteemed colleagues so eloquently put it, is "a privileged window into a rare and often unseen world" – and what makes it even more amazing is that it's about the wildlife on our very own shores, sometimes quite literally on our doorstep.,The Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting the wildlife of the United
South Carolina Gov.. Nikki Haley (R) said on Tuesday that she would not sign a bill that would allow transgender people to use the bathroom
The woman who reportedly had an affair with, has another bombshell to drop -- a full scale Nazi photo shoot.The woman who allegedly had an affair with, has another bombshell to drop -- a full scale Nazi photo shoot.
Put one in the win column for Samsung. the other is for the other team.
Monsanto Co. rejected Bayer AG’s $62 billion takeover offer as too low on Tuesday, but the biotech seed giant said it remained open to further deal talks—which Bayer said it found encouraging.."We are committed to continuing to work with Bayer to ensure that our products are as safe as possible," Bayer
Following the viral success of novelty food items like the rainbow bagel, the everything doughnut and the Cronut, the sushi burrito appears poised to make its mark in New York. the restaurant will be opening in the West Village, and will be opening in the West Village in the coming months.
NEW YORK (PIX 11) – Whole Foods is recalling Maytag blue cheese after testers found listeria in some of the product samples.The recall was announced by Whole Foods on Thursday.
ME AND MY BABY VIEW THE ECLIPSE It seems to me that nearly every one of the stories in Lee Smith's new collection could move a reader to tears, for in almost every one of them there is a moment of vision, or love, or unclothed wonder that transforms something plain into something transcendent.. The story of the young woman who is the only child of a wealthy family, who is the only child of a wealthy
It’s a rainy Wednesday morning and Clay Cockrell is sitting in his office at Columbus Circle across the street from 1 Central Park West, which houses Trump International Hotel and Tower. is a rainy Wednesday morning and Clay Cockrell is sitting in his office at Columbus Circle across the street from 1 Central Park West
But if England are to be true to this new style, if they are to shine a direct light of appraisal onto themselves, then they will need to be brutally honest about their performances so far and not shy away from the fact that the team have been riding their luck. the team have been playing well, but they have been playing poorly.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Social Scene: Week of March 28 "Semper Paratus". the first week of March.
06/01/2016 AT 08:35 PM EDT There's no place like home..The first thing you need to know about home is that it's not a place you can live in.
A NSW doctor with a special interest in palliative care has been charged with murdering his mother and is expected to be extradited to Tasmania..Dr David Hodge, who is also a consultant paediatrician, was charged with murder in the death of
There’s no arguing about the blockbuster status of Interstellar, director Chris Nolan’s latest box office phenomenon. is a film that is a masterpiece of cinematic storytelling.
The Milken Institute Global Conference attracts some of the biggest names in the financial world, the same wealthy wheelers and dealers we have long been told have been doing quite well in the new, global winner-take-all economy.The Milken Institute is a global research and development centre, which is funded by the European Union and the US.
was all tongue-in-cheek Tuesday night... in the cheek of a middle aged R&B singer., he was asked to perform at the annual "R&B Fest" in Las Vegas.
CHELSEA, Manhattan (WPIX) -- Ari Teman is turning his Airbnb nightmare into a business opportunity..Teman, who has been renting out his home in the Bronx for the past three years, is now looking
06/07/2016 AT 12:35 PM EDT better get his tux ready!.Anonymous 05/07/2016 at 12:35 PM EDT I'm not sure if he's a good guy
Valeant Pharmaceuticals Inc vrx, which has come under scrutiny for its business and accounting practices, said on Tuesday it would host a conference call on June 7 to discuss first-quarter results..The company said it would not disclose the results of its investigation, which it said was conducted by a team of
is declaring he's a damn good dad to... opening up for the first time about his divorce from and how it affected his relationship with his daughter.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you.
You know how it’s really hard to eat just one Oreo?, but I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
This is a paid advertisement. is a paid advertisement.
Health care is one field that hasn’t gotten badly beaten in the brutal economy, and nurses have fared especially well..But the problem is that the health care system is not working.
Reddit is clamping down on controversial content..The site has been criticized for its content, including a video of a man being beaten by a group of people
Longtime Google GOOG executive and YouTube chief Susan Wojcicki is often asked during business events about her five kids and work/life balance, and she’s tired of it., but she’s not alone.
Gas prices have been on the decline, but it probably won’t last much longer.The price of oil has been falling for years, but it's been falling for years.
The North American Free Trade Agreement took hold 10 years ago, after a bruising, arm-twisting debate.The deal, which was signed in 1994, has been a major source of friction between the U.
Betty White received a helping hand from Captain America (Chris Evans) Wednesday night, and it was the most adorable moment from the entire People’s Choice Awards..The award was given to the best actor for their work in the film, and it was a big one.
“The great thing about being a writer is that you can take all the quirky things that are interesting to you and put them in books”.“I think that's what makes it so great.
A new survey of student experiences with sexual assault at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology is an encouraging step for schools working to put an end to the shamefully widespread problem of campus rape..The survey, conducted by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, found that nearly half of students surveyed said they had experienced
is here to help you kick off your weekend the right way -- by sucking serious face with " Not that anyone requires an explanation... but the make out sesh was set up by New York Times Magazine as an awesome They actually shot 9 different kissing scenes -- including But Rosario and Jenny's scene wins hands down... as they go at it in the back seat of a convertible..The video is a bit of a mess, but it's worth a watch.
Bellabeat: For the expectant mom, shoppers may want to consider the baby's first tracking device., for the expectant mom, shoppers may want to consider the baby's first tracking device.
The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup
Indonesia's doctors have hit out at plans to chemically castrate child sex offenders, saying providing such treatment is against their oath as physicians, and does nothing to treat the root cause of the problem.."We are not going to allow this to happen," said Dr.
A Spanish soccer star is playing defense for his reputation after being implicated in throwing a sex party with ties to an accused child pornographer..The Spanish soccer star is playing defense for his reputation after being implicated in throwing a sex party with ties to an
Susan Sarandon said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump reminds her of a "drunk uncle at a wedding, who gets up and starts talking and just loves the crowd.", "Donald Trump reminds her of a "drunk uncle at a wedding, who gets up and starts talking and just loves
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Two things are remarkable about the chart above, which compares the value of five leading tech companies by the securities market’s most fundamental measure: P/E (price per share divided by earnings per share over the past 12 months)., which is the number of shares that are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
How does real estate and retail executive Ivanka Trump feel about her father’s presidential bid? to be honest, I don't know.
Ordinarily, riding a bike up Corey Hill in Brookline is a thigh-searing, lung-wringing workout.. But this is a bike that's been riding for a long time.
It’s been over a decade since the last episode of “Friends” aired in 2004 — but fans can easily catch the show when reruns air or stream it on Netflix. is a show that has been around for a long time, and it's been a staple of the show's history.
ANAHEIM ANGELS--Placed DH Glenallen Hill on the 15-day disabled list., DH Glenallen Hill on the 15-day disabled list.
Let’s face it: Americans hate minivans., and they're not going to stop until they get rid of them.
The new comprehensive World Atlas of Artificial Night Sky Brightness has just appeared in Science Advances.The new Atlas is based on the work of the University of California, Berkeley's Max Planck Institute for Astronomy
The last time Jaguar attempted to produce a competitor in the compact luxury segment, the resultant X-Type was a lackluster effort and a slow seller.The X-Type was a much more successful competitor to the X-Series, but it was not a success.
The year 2002 proved especially bleak.The first major earthquake in the world occurred in the Philippines in March 2002, and the second in the Philippines in April
Intel has been inside computers ever since the advancement of PCs.The company has been working on a new generation of PCs that will be able to run Windows 10, and it's
Misao Okawa, the world’s oldest person, celebrated her birthday with family at her Osaka, Japan, nursing home on Wednesday, a day before she officially turns 117.-Okawa, who was born in Japan in 1885, was the first Japanese woman to be crowned the world
Orlando gunman Omar Mateen., who was killed by a police officer in Orlando, Florida, on Sunday.
Globalization is a phenomenon that has remade the economy of virtually every nation, reshaped almost every industry and touched billions of lives, often in surprising and ambiguous ways..The United States is the world's largest economy, with a GDP of $1.
The telecoms group has now changed its strategy from undercutting rivals on price to improving its customer service, spending £19m over the period on an IT project to improve service and prevent billing errors.The company has also launched a new mobile app, which will allow customers to pay for their own mobile phones.
A highlight of the trip for my daughters included meeting Anna from “Frozen.” It’s a minute to midnight, and my fingertip hovers over my keyboard, poised to refresh..I'm not sure if I'm ready to go back to the day I was born, but I'm not
One in 14 American children has a parent who has spent time in jail or is currently behind bars, according to a report released on Tuesday by Child Trends, a Maryland-based research center. of the nation's children.
Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes are really dating., but they're not dating.
💥A Boom with a View💥 is a column about startups and the technology industry, written by Erin Griffith.The first article in this series is about the rise of the mobile app.
Eleazar Lipsky, a novelist and lawyer who was prominent in Jewish affairs, died yesterday at Mount Sinai Hospital.. He was 92.
These loft beds for grownups, which will be built in a Brooklyn factory, are designed for small apartments., and are designed to be used as a living space for the family.
SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. (AP) Mariano Rivera remembers his Little League days fondly.."I was a little kid, and I was playing in the Little League," Rivera said.
The piece originally appeared on TIME.Read more:The world's most famous man is a man who has been accused of raping a woman
06/26/2016 AT 12:15 PM EDT Olympic gymnast John Orozco is going to Rio.. He's going to be the first person to win the gold medal in the women's 100m freestyle relay.
Before Steven Spielberg cast Oscar winner Mark Rylance to play the titular giant in “The BFG,” a convincing performer was already tied to the role: the director himself. the film's directorial debut was a surprise, but it was also a surprise to see the actor who had been the most
The Washington Nationals certainly deserve a day off after their ridiculous 16-inning game against the Minnesota Twins on Sunday, April 24.The Nationals have been playing the Twins for the last two weeks, and they've been playing the Twins for the last
Home-sharing company Airbnb is taking its hometown of San Francisco to federal court..The suit, filed in U.
THE opening of the Museum of Modern Art was hands down the grandest and most talked about event of the fall.The opening of the Museum of Modern Art was hands down the grandest and most talked about event of the fall.
THE annual celebration of the American consumer economy — the holiday shopping season — is just underway, and Wal-Mart, the juggernaut of retailing, already seems to have claimed its first victim.The retailer's annual holiday shopping season is just underway, and Wal-Mart, the juggernaut of retailing,
Young women are becoming more and more dependent on social media and checking on their social networks, according to a new study released earlier today by Oxygen Media and Lightspeed Research., a research firm based in New York City.
When John Chandler, a Dallas home cook, posted his lasagna recipe on AllRecipes.com 11 years ago, he never thought he'd be the author of the most popular recipe on the website. the lasagna recipe is a classic, and it's a great way to start your day.
First it was a strategy., and it was a strategy that was successful.
The following script is from "60 Minutes Presents: Crime and Punishment" which aired on March 2, 2014.The following script is from "60 Minutes Presents: Crime and Punishment" which aired on March 2, 2014.
insists... she did not swap spit with last night inside a Hollywood nightclub -- telling TMZ, the two were simply talking... very closely.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," she said.
Try the diner food, shop local and please don’t make the traffic any worse. to get to the restaurant, go to the parking lot and go to the parking lot and go to the parking lot and go
DANBURY, Conn., March 19— If it was a nervous time for the juniors and seniors at Danbury High School this morning to try their luck with the newly revised and renamed Scholastic Assessment Test, it was doubly so for Jenn Lohmeyer and Kerry Brown..The two junior seniors, who were all in their 20s at the time, were in their 20s when
Ms. Sittenfeld said she was surprised by the intensity of interest in the conflation of character and author, despite some similarities.."I think it's a very interesting thing to see," she said.
PARIS, Ark.. — The U.
Viacom channels come to the upfront market with a mixed lot of Nielsen ratings.. The Nielsen ratings are based on the number of people who watch a show on a given day.
From the excavation of Kevin Durant’s controversial Thunder bolt comes this concern that reportedly divided the Oklahoma City locker room: You’re buddies with the nut-kicker? the guy who's been the most hated player in the league for years?
Residents of Arverne, Queens, describe Daytop Village as a good neighbor., "It's a nice place to live," said Daytop resident and resident, Michael L.
Photo: Michael Short, The Chronicle Miguel Carrera, a director with the Coalition on Homelessness that publishes the Street Sheet, carries a stack of papers.The city's homeless population is expected to grow by about 1,000 people by 2020, according to the city's
One test of a successful “Zoolander 2” costume is whether it’s too tight to sit down in and too big to fit through a door. of course, this is a very subjective question, but it’s a good question.
Photo: California Highway Patrol / California Highway Patrol A car plunged about 300 feet off a cliff in Santa Cruz County on Monday morning with a female driver inside.The driver of the car, who was not identified, was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries
"NCIS" has recruited Blue Bloods alum Jennifer Esposito to help fill the void left by Michael Weatherly's departure last spring.The show's producers have been working on a new series for the past few years, but Esposito, who
Experts have unearthed stunning mosaics depicting Noah’s Ark and the parting of the Red Sea during the excavation of an ancient synagogue in northern Israel., The mosaics depict Noah’s Ark and the parting of the Red Sea during the excavation of an ancient synagogue in
WASHINGTON — Bernie Sanders won an easy victory over Hillary Clinton in Wisconsin on Tuesday, claiming momentum is on his side as the battle for the Democratic presidential nomination moves to New York..Sanders, who has been campaigning in the state for the past two weeks, won the state by a margin of
It has already been a big year for oddball housewares. is a new series from the creators of the popular series, which is set in the same universe as the original series.
Airbus has opened a new Silicon Valley venture capital arm whose first investment is in a company that wants to build cars, helicopters, and airplanes using open source designs..The company is also working on a new product called the "Airbus X" that will allow customers to buy
(AP) SINGAPORE - Eight Indonesian maids have fallen to their deaths from high-rise apartments in Singapore this year, and the Indonesia Embassy said Tuesday it is pushing for a ban on cleaning outside windows.The maids, who were working in a hotel in the city's central district, were found dead in their apartments
s lawyer is on the attack -- warning a bunch of websites that Scarlett owns the copyright to her HACKED nude pics and anyone who doesn't take 'em down will FACE HIS WRATH!!!!.The lawyer, who is also a lawyer for the company, said he's been contacted by a number of websites
Sometimes all it takes is a joke about a powder-blue pantsuit., and a few more.
Former Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd speaks at a press conference in Wuhan city, China., on May 24, 2017.
David Kochel, the campaign manager-designate for former Florida Gov., Jeb Bush, said in a statement that the campaign is "deeply disappointed" by the decision.
NICE, France -- A Tunisian citizen legally residing in France drove a truck through crowds celebrating Bastille Day along Nice's beachfront, killing at least 84 people, many of them children..The Tunisian national, who was not identified, was driving a truck through crowds celebrating Bastille Day along Nice
Proposals by the UK government to stop collecting information showing how the wealthy pass on their assets from one generation to another have been condemned by the Institute for Fiscal Studies, a leading tax and spending thinktank..The Institute for Fiscal Studies, which has been criticised for its research into the financial sector, said the government's
Look out, Uber and Lyft: BMW may be the next competitor shaking up the ride-sharing space.,The company has been in the news recently for its decision to stop offering rides to people who are not registered to
There was a fearful symmetry between these two men born in 1939: Frank always carried with him a photograph of his father’s body after he was hanged (justly, he said) at Nuremberg. is a German soldier who was killed in action in the Second World War.
Pilot will cost $129 (£90) ​and will be available for pre-order on their website..The pilot will be available for pre-order on their website.
YOU PROBABLY KNOW a couple guys who wear them..I'm not sure if you've heard of them, but I'm sure you've heard of them.
Fighters pledging allegiance to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) have released a video purporting to show the killing of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians kidnapped in Libya..The video, which was released by the group's official Twitter account, shows a group of men in black robes
It was less than a year ago that Mullah Akhtar Mansoor was announced leader of the Afghan Taliban. is the first time that Mullah Akhtar Mansoor was announced leader of the Afghan Taliban.
Many start-up founders and owners of existing small businesses wonder what their companies could possibly gain from yet another new form of social media. of course, the answer is simple: they can.
If the robotic voice of BB-8, the lovable new droid in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, seems imbued with a spark of humanity, that’s because there’s an actual human voice behind it. the voice of BB-8, the lovable new droid in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, seems imbued with a
Ballet choreographers used to be great storytellers: Petipa, Nijinska and Ashton, among others, gave us memorable characters, plots and narrative drama.. But now, with the rise of the Internet, we can see that the best stories are not just the ones that are
Dick Costolo, the former chief executive of Twitter Inc., on Tuesday unveiled plans to launch a new personal fitness platform and join a venture-capital firm., which is also working on a new mobile app.
One thing Donald Trump ought to be good at is throwing a celebrity-packed convention, right? of course.
A crescendo of tough talk on Syrian refugees and terrorism seems to be elevating the toughest talkers in the GOP primary – most notably Donald Trump..Trump's comments on Syrian refugees and terrorism are a clear sign that he is not just a man who wants to
House Speaker Paul Ryan laid out his vision for a more respectful discourse in American politics on Wednesday against the backdrop of a increasingly divisive Republican presidential primary., Ryan laid out his vision for a more respectful discourse in American politics on Wednesday against the backdrop of a increasingly divisive Republican presidential
Tanabe, who suffered from a chronic heart problem, passed away with his relatives at his bedside, said an official at Miyakonojo City, where he lived., said a representative of the city.
The presidency of James Monroe is often recalled as a period of political quiescence between the heroic age of the Founders and the era of muscular national expansion that followed him.The first president to be elected to the presidency was James Monroe, who was born in 1803.
Watch out..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
A small Boston startup with a novel approach to investing got a $250 million vote of confidence Wednesday..The company, which is based in Boston, is a startup incubator that has raised $1.
Jason Priestley and Shannen Doherty Paul Archuleta/FilmMagic; David Livingston/Getty Images 07/28/2016 AT 08:25 AM EDT is "incredibly brave" for publicly sharing her battle with cancer., "I'm so proud of her," said the actress.
Bigger than Tinder and on its way to smashing Twitter’s “daily active users” ceiling., the company has been accused of being a "fraud" and a "fraudster" by the US Department of
The stars are with her."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," she said.
Many users of activity trackers have always harbored suspicions: How accurate are these things? of the data they collect?
With the Republican Convention underway, the GOP goes into the last stages of the presidential campaign with a detailed agenda, laid out in a 66-page party platform. the party's platform is a blueprint for how to win the White House and the Senate.
A Black Lives Matter activist disrupted a fundraiser for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton last night in South Carolina, calling into question the candidate’s rhetoric on race and criminal justice..The event was held at the South Carolina State Fairgrounds, where Clinton was speaking.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... We already knew that Cher's Twitter account was the greatest in the game... but she further solidified her title as queen with her latest tweet. the first tweet was a picture of a woman with a red dress and a red hat.
Carl Frampton's manager Barry McGuigan says his fighter is "revved up" by his underdog status ahead of Saturday night's world title fight against WBA featherweight champion Leo Santa Cruz."I'm really happy with the way he's been doing," McGuigan said.
PORTLAND, Me.. - A man who was arrested after he allegedly shot and killed a woman in a parking lot of a downtown Portland store has
PHILADELPHIA — The invitation-only CNN Grill is the Democratic convention’s unofficial clubhouse for striving media types to see and be seen..The restaurant, which opened in the early 1990s, is a place where the media can meet and chat with
For the youngest children, however, camp could be a perilous place; a long walk off a short pier was a real possibility here. the young men were not allowed to go out on the beach, and the water was so cold that they could not swim.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Leave it to Kim to steal the show -- again! the show is on!
Donald Trump attempted on Wednesday to shift attention away from the negative news dogging his campaign by going on the attack against Hillary Clinton., Trump said he would "absolutely" release his tax returns, but he did not say whether he would release them.
Now, that’s not to say that everything is going to go perfectly right away., but I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to do that.
More than 40 Secret Service employees have been disciplined for improperly accessing sensitive private information about a prominent congressional critic last year, an "appalled" Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday.Johnson said the agency has been "extremely concerned" about the "unprecedented" number of employees who have been
Of course a soft yeasty bun can be a wonderful thing, but at Violet we have never had enough space to work with yeasted bread doughs – they take up more room and need larger machines. the only way to make a soft bun is to use a small amount of yeast.
Life is full of big decisions: getting married, buying a home, picking your default Web browser.. But it's also full of small decisions: getting married, buying a home, picking your default Web browser.
What happens on the morning of June 24, if the British vote the day before to leave the European Union? is that the British government will be forced to make a decision on whether to leave the EU or not?
Certain grown-ups revel in dumb generalizations about young adult literature., and they're not alone.
The Ukrainian born juggler has been performing on stage since he was six years old and graduated from the professional Academy of Circus Arts in Kiev.He has also performed on stage in the past, including in the 1990s and 2000s.
Instead of listening to music or playing videogames during his daily train commute in Singapore, Jay Pang uses the down time for something different: selling rare sets of Legos via his smartphone., Jay Pang uses the down time for something different: selling rare sets of Legos via his smartphone.
Everybody knows about Rigby & Peller., but I don't know about the other ones.
Last week WH Smith revealed plans for in-store Kobo “training” zones to help customers use the devices, making the most of the asset Amazon lacks – a physical presence on the high street., and the company has already begun to expand its presence in the UK.
I recently discovered the deliciousness of melted Caerphilly – it makes simply the best cheese on toast..I've been making this for a few years now and I've been making it for a long time.
In the past 35 years, the gap between the wages of black and Hispanic American workers and those of white ones has not significantly changed, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of Bureau of Labor Statistics data. the gap between the wages of black and Hispanic American workers and those of white ones has not significantly changed, according to a new
From scouting the streets for rare Pokémon to discovering new Pokéstops, there’s plenty to explore in Pokémon Go. the Pokémon Go community is a community of people who love Pokémon and want to share their experiences with the community.
In Japan, the clock rules. the clock is set to the time of the day, and the time of the day is the day of the week.
Among this month’s recipes is one I ‘found’ on the menu at a Greek taverna and adapted. the recipe is a simple, yet delicious, dish that is a must for any Greek meal.
We obeyed the order like men. have been ordered to do so.
One of the largest buy-to-let mortgage providers has drastically restricted its lending in a move which experts say will be copied by others, and which will make it impossible for some landlords to borrow. of the largest buy-to-let mortgage providers has drastically restricted its lending in a move which experts say will be copied by
The deal will help Regus – which has 1,500 centres worldwide – to expand its presence in the capital as MWB Business Exchange has 39 business sites providing short-term office space across London.The deal will also help Regus to expand its presence in the capital as MWB Business Exchange has 39 business sites
Apartment landlords’ use of electronic criminal-background checks to reject prospective renters, some with only minor legal blemishes, drew official rebuke Monday as a potential violation of housing-discrimination laws..The Department of Housing and Urban Development said it would review the case and make a decision on whether to file a
Armstrong, 27, has become a household name since landing the role of the legendary outlaw in the hit series which pulls in eight million viewers to BBC1 each Saturday..The actor, who has been in the role since the series first aired in 2005, has also been a regular
That means they are now officially on the Kennel Club Vulnerable Native Breeds list, which includes those native dog breeds with 300 or fewer puppy registrations annually. is a member of the Kennel Club Vulnerable Native Breeds list, which includes those native dog breeds with 300 or fewer
From 1978 onwards, the headlines were dominated by Korchnoi’s titanic struggle to unseat Karpov from his position as world champion, a struggle in which the game itself often came a poor second to Cold War politics. the game was a game of chess, and the game was played by a group of players who were all of the same age
Spring Creek Park in the quiet Queens neighborhood of Howard Beach is bordered by tall weeds that block the line of sight of residents on the outside of the marshes., and the park is home to a number of wildlife species, including the endangered and critically endangered Great White, the endangered and
08/07/2016 AT 06:00 PM EDT were a judge at the Olympics, she would give Simone Biles a perfect score..The judge was a woman, and she was a woman.
The comments are likely to fuel the debate over public exams following repeated claims by teachers’ leaders that schoolchildren in Britain are already among the most tested in Europe.The latest figures from the Office for National Statistics show that pupils in England and Wales are the most likely to be in
Leeds Crown Court was told the girls also stopped during the beating and took a selfie with Miss Wrightson in the frame, the bruising they had inflicted visible on her face in the chilling image..The court heard the girls were taken to the hospital and taken to the Royal College of Psychiatrists for treatment.
As to the European Parliament, it does not remotely provide democratic accountability for the simple reason that most voters across Europe don't take elections to it seriously and are not usually aware of the identity of their MEPs. the European Parliament does not remotely provide democratic accountability for the simple reason that most voters across Europe don't take elections to it seriously
In the years preceding Prince’s Super Bowl halftime show, the NFL had been defaulting to very safe performers from a past era. the NFL's first Super Bowl halftime show was a show of the NFL's Super Bowl halftime show.
FRANKFURT—The European Central Bank’s decision to offer eurozone financial institutions cheap four-year loans offers fresh hope to struggling banks in Southern Europe—and has drawn immediate ire from their Northern European rivals..The ECB's decision to offer eurozone financial institutions cheap four-year loans offers fresh hope to struggling banks in Southern
But things didn’t go as smoothly when selling his Samsung mobile. the company was forced to sell the phone to a Chinese company for $1.
Many parents want their children to learn to code. of course, they want their children to learn to code.
“Two Conventions, Two Distinct World Views” (page one, July 29) succinctly summarized the starkly different arguments that the Democrats and Republicans made to the voters in Philadelphia and Cleveland.The Democrats and Republicans were not the only ones who were upset with the results of the election.
Brendon Grylls has won a bruising contest for the WA Nationals' leadership and unveiled plans for a new mining tax that has left the coalition state government looking unstable and divided..The new tax will be introduced in the next budget, which is due to be released on Tuesday.
The title, “315 Johns,” sounds less like the name of an artwork than a headline describing a prostitution bust.The title, “315 Johns,” sounds less like the name of an artwork than a headline describing a
Only one vessel is currently searching for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, with one ship poised to leave for its next project and another docked in a West Australian port. the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) said on Thursday that it was investigating the disappearance of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH
When Albanian photographer Enri Canaj returned to his native country, 10 years after he had left Albania for neighboring Greece, he couldn’t start photographing right away. the photographer was a young man who had been living in the country for a few years.
Firefighters had to smash through a laundry door as a deadlocked front door hampered the rescue of a woman trapped in her burning coastal Victorian home..The woman, who was trapped in her home in the town of Stirling, was found dead in her home
If you’ve crossed the Brooklyn Bridge lately, you realize things have gotten ridiculous. the city is a mess.
© Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016The former Labour leader has been accused of being a "fraud" by the media after he was accused of being
Is a private email merely a leak that hasn’t happened yet? the fact that it's been leaked is a sign that the government is trying to hide something.
Defense contractor L-3 Communications Holdings Inc. posted stronger-than-expected results for the latest quarter, helped by higher sales in its aerospace systems business, and raised its outlook for the year., which is expected to grow by about 1.
Something odd is happening in late night on CBS., and I'm not sure if it's because of the fact that the show is on the air, or because of the
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Rep. Scott Rigell of Virginia became the second Republican member of Congress to break from party lines and endorse a candidate that is not his party's nominee. the Washington Post reported that Rigell, a former Navy SEAL, is a "former Navy SEAL who served in Iraq and Afghanistan
When we talk about sustainability, then, what is it that we hope to sustain? the sustainability of the planet?
The Xbox One outsold the PlayStation 4 in July, says Microsoft, a newsworthy feat because it hasn’t happened in eight months.The Xbox One is the most popular console in the world, and it's the most popular console in the world,
I design jewellery very selfishly, first and foremost it’s for myself.. I'm not a designer, I'm not a designer.
A KFC in Peru has been forced to close after a video that appeared to show a rat scurrying around the restaurant went viral..The video, which was posted on YouTube, shows a rat scurrying around the restaurant in the city of
Tom Hanks may not have scored an Oscar nomination from his Hollywood peers this year, but at least he’s still beloved by the American public..Hanks, who is also the director of the Oscar-winning film "The Hateful Eight," is known
Water fountains at 30 schools in Newark, New Jersey, were shut off on Wednesday after elevated levels of lead were found during testing, the state Department of Environmental Protection said., The city of Newark, New Jersey, was closed for the day after the lead levels were found during testing, the state
The swimmer has leaned on printed summer day dresses as a smart, but relaxed, look, wearing floral and paisley printed styles by Oasis, Zara and online fashion site Glamorous.The swimmer has also been spotted wearing a pair of black and white striped swimsuits, which are also available in
However, the transformation of socialists into libertarian Tories on the Remain side was all the more galling because they are normally so very high and mighty about their economics., and they are not.
You change your car’s oil every 5,000 miles., and you change your car's oil every 5,000 miles.
West Point has launched an investigation into whether a photo violates the military’s policy against political demonstration., the military said in a statement.
Mariah Carey is loving showing off her super slim frame..The singer is also wearing a pair of black jeans and a black T-shirt.
The USA drama Mr.Mr.
Does carrying balance improve my credit score? the answer is yes.
Chipotle Mexican Grill cmg is taking the plunge into higher-end burgers., and it's not just the new burger that's getting a lot of attention.
08/15/2016 AT 02:10 PM EDT leading to actual romance?.I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not, but I'm not sure if it's a coincidence
﻿Marcia's son Mikey tells us the actress passed away due to pneumonia complications... and that reports saying breast cancer played a role are completely false."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
“Do you ever watch the classic movie channels?” Meryl Streep asks.“Do you ever watch the classic movie channels?
Crude hit a one-month high Monday on talk that the prolonged oil-price rout may drive major producers to reconsider a collective production cap..The U.
Real estate broker Chris Leavitt has advice for how to be a smart shopper for a home in 2016.,"I think it's important to be able to make a decision based on what you're looking for," Le
Mark Webber's decision to leave Formula 1 at the end of the season puts an already endangered species on the critical list.."I think it's a very important decision for the sport," said Webber.
China said foreign investors will be exempted from a 10% capital gains tax when buying stocks in the mainland, clearing up the last remaining gray area before a landmark stock-trading link between Shanghai and Hong Kong begins Monday., the Hong Kong government said foreign investors will be exempted from a 10% capital gains tax when buying stocks in the mainland,
Cumhurbaşkanı Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, AKP'nin kuruluşunun 15'inci yıldönümünde partinin genel merkezinde düzenlenen törene İstanbul'dan telekonferansla bağlandı..The Turkish government has been accused of using the internet to spread propaganda and to influence public opinion.
Elvis fans and Memphis officials braced themselves to be all shook up Monday night after protesters vowed to "shut down Graceland."."We're going to shut down Graceland," said one protester, who asked not to be identified because he
Molson Coors Brewing Co. TAP.A 1.14 % reported revenue slipped less than expected in the most recent quarter, though lower world-wide volume, higher brand investments, and foreign-exchange headwinds continued to eat into the bottom line..The company's share price fell to $1.
FAIRFIELD, Conn. — Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made an unusual foray Saturday night into deep-blue Connecticut, pledging to make "a big play" for the Democratic stronghold..Trump, who has been in the race for months, said he would "make a big play" for the
Sales at Papa John's are soaring, in part thanks to the pizza chain's sports partnerships..The company's sports teams have been in the news recently for their involvement in the NFL's Super Bowl XLIX
Henry Winkler at his home in LA., and he was a very good friend of mine.
A giant gold nugget, weighing 4.1kg has been found in Victoria..The discovery was made by a team of scientists from the University of Victoria, the University of Queensland and the University
A Queensland man has been remanded in custody after appearing in court over an alleged crime spree that included two carjackings at gunpoint..The man, who was not named, was arrested on Tuesday after police said he was driving a stolen car in
08/28/2016 AT 05:35 PM EDT going for the Mirror Ball?.I'm not sure if it's a good idea to go for the Mirror Ball, but I'm sure it
Lucrative defence contracts are won, not gifted, the South Australian government is reminding the state's defence industry.."The government is not going to give up on the South Australian government's commitment to the defence industry," said
Malcolm Turnbull has rolled the dice on the workplace law triggers for the double-dissolution election, which cut his government's majority to a single seat..The Coalition has been trying to get the law changed to allow the government to take over the Labor party, but
A teenager will appear in court after allegedly filming up the skirt school student in Sydney's North Shore..The teenager, who is aged 16, was filmed up the skirt school student in Sydney's North Shore on Saturday
A woman criticised by a Victorian judge for her lack of remorse over the death of a cyclist she hit with her car faces up to 20 years in jail for her crime..The woman, who was not named, was found guilty of causing death by careless driving in the death of a
Former prime minister John Howard predicts Australia's security pact with America will survive whoever wins the November US presidential election.,"We're going to have to be prepared for the worst," he said.
A high-ranking South Australian police officer will spend at least another week in custody after a Supreme Court judge asked for more information before releasing him on bail on charges related to a siege in Adelaide..The High Court judge, James O'Connor, said the police officer had been "in a state of shock
Witnesses have described a bizarre scene as a man left others to extinguish his burning car in Brooklyn this morning..The man, who was not identified, was seen leaving the scene of a fire in the Bronx at around 2
The man behind an unprovoked attack on a police officer in Philadelphia wrote a cryptic note before shooting one women dead and wounding three others, authorities said.The man, identified as James T.
The sister of the man whose liver saved Derryn Hinch's life says she stands by the senator, while acknowledging “alcoholism is a tough addiction to kick”."I think he was a good man," said the woman, who asked not to be named.
Sonny Day shields his face as he walks free from the Tasmanian Supreme Court in Hobart on Sempter 23, 2016., AFP PHOTO / JONATHAN HAYWARD (Photo credit should read JONATHAN HAYWARD/AFP
The Queensland government has offered a promise of "total transparency" to members of an expert panel who will help review child safety systems in the wake of the Tiahleigh Palmer case.The panel will be chaired by Dr David Hodge, a former NSW coroner and former NSW coroner.
Queensland's Corrections Minister Bill Byrne is "comfortable" with the service in prisons despite an ombudsman's report showing pregnant inmates sleep on the floor due to overcrowding..The report, which was released on Tuesday, found that the number of prisoners sleeping on the floor at the prison
Queensland's government is facing calls to make water fluoridation mandatory after another council decided to remove fluoride from its supply..The council's decision to remove fluoride from its water supply comes after a series of studies have shown that fluoride is
A Perth man suing Uber says he only discovered he had been sacked as a driver when he was unable to log into his account one day last November..The man, who is not named, said he was told by Uber that he had been sacked because he was
Bernie Sanders campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Durham, New Hampshire., April 19, 2016.
It might sound a bit crazy to send Fido to a shrink. is a character that is a bit of a mystery to me.
Heavy rain, Malcolm Turnbull and Bill Shorten have all dropped in on South Australia but fortunately, it looks like the deluge will be over soon.,The Australian has been told that the government is considering a $1.
Controversial Sydney property developer Salim Mehajer has lost his bid to overturn a court order preventing him from approaching the father of a Lindt Cafe siege survivor..The court heard Mehajer, who is a former Sydney businessman, had been seeking to have the case thrown
Two children with disabilities have escaped serious injury after a tram slammed into a mini van and pushed it 100 metres down Collins Street in Melbourne’s CBD last night., the ABC has confirmed.
The race to create the next potent ovarian cancer drug is coming to a head.The FDA has approved the first clinical trial of a new ovarian cancer drug, called L-Carnitine,
More than one in three Australians are unaware of the Australian of the Year awards.The Australian of the Year awards are given to the best Australian of the Year, who is the most popular Australian of
Five people are being treated for heat related illnesses at a Port Douglas marathon event., the Port Douglas Marathon is being held at the Port Douglas Marathon in Port Douglas, Oregon.
Music teachers in South Australia will down their instruments and stop work on Monday to protest against changes to public school music lessons..The changes will see teachers and students in the ACT and South Australia take part in a series of protests on Monday
Chemical contaminants from firefighting foam have been detected in groundwater or surface water or both at 12 defence bases, but only at three did quantities exceed interim screening levels..The report also found that the number of contaminants in the water was "unacceptably high" and that the
Lifesavers have nabbed a man they allegedly caught lighting a fire in scrub near a Central Coast beach during a total fire ban..The man, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of arson and was taken to the Central Coast Police
Queensland opposition claims increasing fortnightly overruns in the state's infamous health payroll system are proof the Palaszczuk government is not managing the issue effectively..The government has been accused of failing to address the issue of unpaid sick leave, which has been a major issue
The night was cold and wet, and the loneliness of the long-distance racer etched deep lines of stress across the famous face behind the wheel of No."I was so tired," said the driver, who was wearing a black T-shirt and jeans.
President-elect Trump's top picks: US Representative from Kansas Mike Pompeo, Retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn and Senator Jeff Sessions., and former CIA Director John Brennan.
In a separate question, more American say their stock portfolios and their local housing markets are better than they were a year ago. the survey found that the share of Americans who say their local markets are better than they were a year ago has increased by more
Cars owned by surfers are being targeted by a thief in Victoria's Surf Coast..The thieves, who are believed to be from the same family as the man who stole the surfboards, stole
Kenny Chesney, who made a two-night stop at Gillette Stadium in August, will be back in town next summer..The former New York Giants quarterback will be the first player to play in the NFL for the first time since the
Greens leader Richard Di Natale is calling for Immigration Minister Peter Dutton's sacking over his comments linking terrorism with Lebanese Muslim immigration under the Frazer government.."I think it's a very bad idea," he said.
ABY ROSEN IS CUTTING across a garden path to reach his new guesthouse and tennis pavilion..The new home is a small, two-story, two-bathroom home with a large kitchen, a
The federal government is threatening to revoke a West Australian council's power to hold citizenship ceremonies if it holds them on its alternative Australia Day.The council, which is based in the city of Perth, has been in the spotlight since the council's decision to
Can the deep blue state of Massachusetts find allies in Donald Trump’s Washington?The answer is yes.
Depending on whom you ask, smartwatch sales are struggling, or they're red-hot. of course, there are many other factors that can affect the success of a smartwatch.
Treasurer Scott Morrison is using shockingly weak economic growth figures to pressure Labor into supporting its proposed company tax cuts..The Treasurer's latest budget, which is due to be released on Friday, is expected to see the Labor Party
Someday, restaurants will serve wood chips the same way they now serve mashed potatoes and grits.."We're going to be able to offer a lot of different types of food," said David B.
Drew Brees arrived in New Orleans ten years ago.. He was a star.
Stated another way, now come the consequences of a looming exit from ultraeasy money policies, and the picture so far isn't pretty..The Fed's latest report on the economy, released on Friday, shows that the economy grew at a 2.
BEVERLY, Mass.. - A man who was arrested for allegedly raping a woman in a parking lot of a local Wal-Mart has been released
Jewellery missing from several Adelaide homes has been traced back to a cleaner, who allegedly stole the items while working at the properties..The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of theft and possession of stolen property.
Standing before Adelaide's shipbuilding precinct, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced Australian's 12 new submarines would be based on a French design, the culmination of a comprehensive but contentious evaluation process., the Australian Navy said.
Newsweek writer Kurt Eichenwald, who has epilepsy, says someone targeted him because of his articles critical of Donald Trump.."I was a little bit shocked when I saw that," Eichenwald said.
Illumina, which dominates the DNA sequencing world, is dipping a very big toe into cancer testing..The company is testing a new gene that could help it identify the genes that cause cancer.
Gender is a fluid concept in the 21st century., and it's not just about gender.
Zinc oxide isn’t an ingredient you usually hear about a lot, but it is essential in your sun cream and blemish creams..The best way to use it is to use a small amount of it in a small amount of water.
The report found that the supply of industrial and logistics space fell to a record low of 200m sq ft in 2015 – down from a peak of 360m sq ft in 2012.The report also found that the number of people working in the sector fell by more than half, from 1.
Today‘s Savannah Guthrie and her husband Mike Feldman are celebrating their first holiday season with 16-day-old son Charley., and they're also celebrating their first anniversary with their daughter, Charley.
Dana White doesn't seem too confident Cyborg Justino will beat new doping allegations... telling TMZ Sports he smelled something fishy recently when she turned down multiple fight offers.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," White said.
I’ve said it twice before already, but I’ll reiterate: This is the YouTube election..I'm not going to lie.
DENVER — Every month, Jamie Perino hires a security detail to come to her three recreational marijuana dispensaries.."I'm not going to be able to do it," Perino said.
Did Scott Eastwood confirm that he’s dating model Brittany Brousseau on Instagram? the answer is yes.
Here is a guide to the vehicles on display at the 107th Chicago Auto Show., which is held every year from July to September.
"We want to get a glimpse of what may be in store once things start moving again because we need a catalyst."We're looking at a lot of different things.
Stuck with a boring, outdated bathroom that still has builders' tiles and a pressed wood vanity?.The new bathroom is a little more modern, with a new, more modern bathroom.
It's all been said before, at one university or another. is a great way to get a sense of what's going on.
"Want drive fast cars?""I don't think so.""I think you're right.""I think you're
ost reviews of computer games cover only the bells and whistles: how quick was the action, how cool the villains, how original the story line..The game's story is a bit more complicated than that.
We understand the frustration that led Senator Russell Feingold to introduce a measure that would censure President Bush for authorizing warrantless spying on Americans. have a look at the text of the bill.
As if to coincide with the YouTube acquisition and a crazy day for online video deals, MSN just sent along an invite for their new video-sharing site MSN Soapbox. the company is now offering a $10,000 reward for anyone who can help them get the site up and running.
AT first, when Jim Bozzi and Steve Albert were ready for a new house project, they were not thinking about a second home.."We were thinking about a new home," Bozzi said.
MONTY PYTHON'S SPAMALOT....
Wednesday, October 27th 2004, 7:20AM INSIDE TV LAND: PRIME TIME POLITICS TONIGHT AT 10, TV LAND 3 STARS., LAND 4 STARS.
A few months ago a couple of my colleagues developed an optimised podcast directory for the Apple iPhone and iPod Touch.. The idea was to create a podcast directory for the iPhone and iPod Touch, and to make it easier to find and download
You are in: Berkshire > Local radio Discover fascinating stories of the River Thames in Berkshire with our interactive map., Berkshire > Local radio Discover fascinating stories of the River Thames in Berkshire with our interactive map.
BY ERIC HERMAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER Wednesday, September 12th 2001, 2:23AM Developer Larry Silverstein had long dreamed of running the World Trade Center., but he was not ready to do it.
Friday, June 1th 2001, 2:21AM The WB continues to kick up its comedy content., and the WB continues to kick up its comedy content.
By RICHARD HUFF DAILY NEWS TV EDITOR Thursday, June 5th 2003, 1:05AM Folks nail television careers in different ways. the first is the way they are portrayed in the media.
Tuesday, March 14th 2006, 1:05AM Ask soul singer Bettye LaVette if she's excited about finally getting major recognition for her work - at age 60 - and she says, "Less excited than relieved.", "I'm not sure I'm ready to say that yet, but I'm excited to be able to say that."
Monday, April 1th 1996, 2:00AM An arsonist set the Washington Heights inferno that trapped and critically injured four small children and a blind woman, fire marshals ruled yesterday., 2:00AM An arsonist set the Washington Heights inferno that trapped and critically injured four small children and a blind
By RUTH BASHINSKY and LARRY SUTTON Friday, June 12th 1998, 2:04AM Katie Couric poignantly bared her heartbreak yesterday as she remembered her late husband, Jay Monahan, before a luncheon crowd of successful businesswomen. the former CEO of the New York Times, who died in a car crash in 1996, was a friend of the family and
COMPILED BY BREANNE L. HELDMAN & BRITTANY SCHAEFFER Friday, July 29th 2005, 1:42AM BACKSTREET BOYS..The following is a list of the top 10 players in the NBA.
Wednesday, December 11th 2002, 7:06AM Trent Lott should fire himself.,"I'm not going to be a part of this.
Thursday, September 21th 2000, 2:14AM The models aren't the only ones constantly changing clothes at Bryant Park., the other day, a model was spotted wearing a black dress with a black skirt and a black tie.
Sunday, November 28th 2004, 1:13AM As the weather turns cold, Oscar season heats up., the weather is getting colder and colder.
By ALISON GENDAR DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Saturday, March 31th 2001, 2:20AM Mayor Giuliani called on Chancellor Harold Levy yesterday to hire Edison Schools to run five failing city schools, even if parents vote down the city's first foray into privatization. the mayor said the city's schools are "not going to be able to compete with the best in the country." The mayor
"Koyaanisqatsi" is a film so loaded with implication that its director, Godfrey Reggio, has studiously washed his hands of any moral conclusions.The film is a satire of the way the world is portrayed in the film, and the way the world is portrayed
NOT just any bottle of wine can compel eight people to hop on planes and fly thousands of miles to drink it."It's a very, very dangerous thing to do," said Dr.
While most emerging artists these days are desperate for instant stardom, it is refreshing to see that there are is at least one musician left who is seeking more than her fifteen minutes, taking years to complete one two-minute music video. the video for "The Last Song" is a perfect example of this.
Keith Richards equates the rush to release the Rolling Stones' seminal album "Some Girls" as "the same as cutting off your baby's head.", and that's not a bad thing.
NEW YORK - Citing new European rules on carbon emissions, two major airlines are raising fares.Delta Airlines and United Airlines are among the airlines that are raising fares for passengers on the new rules.
Facebook has been around for more than five years, but it hit critical mass and exploded in 2009.The company's founder, Steve Jobs, was a big fan of the company's early days, and he was a
It may seem like an impossible task to keep up with all the Twitter apps that have come to market as of late. is a great app for those who want to keep up with the latest news and trends.
may be splitting but the wedding bling remains – for now., but I'm sure it will be a good one.
If you’ve been cursing Facebook this morning, you’re not alone. the number of people who have been tweeting about this is growing.
Josh Powell with sons Charlie and Braden Dealing with their horrific loss, first of, and now of their, Charles and Judith Cox credited their faith as helping them cope.."I think it's a very important thing for us to be able to say, 'We're here to
The 100 "Greatest Books for Kids," ranked by Scholastic Parent & Child magazine: 1.2.
LOS ANGELES – Marisa Miller’s Bikini Breakdown Plus Why Vs Want Models With More Than A Bangin’ Body | Paris Hilton Wants Another Bff | Adrian Grenier Will Play The Harmonica For Free | What Do J-lo, Penelope Cruz & Hugh Jackman Have In Common?.The Bikini Breakdown Plus Why Vs Want Models With More Than A Bangin’ Body | Paris Hilton
Well, mother, now 57, and son, now 22, recall his son's first year in Some Assembly Required: A Journal of My Son's First Son (Riverhead, $26.95)., p.
Shares of ExactTarget Inc were up nearly 28 percent in their debut late on Thursday morning, buoyed by investor demand for cloud computing companies., which has been a hot topic in the tech industry for years.
Identifying the best colleges and the colleges best suited to individual students is just part of the growing challenge of assuring that the nation's universities and colleges remain the finest in the world..The College of Arts and Sciences is a national institution of higher education that is dedicated to the advancement of the arts
Duncan Richardson routinely keeps a quarter in his pocket, but it isn’t spending money..The Bills have been a team that has been able to get away with spending money on players who are not in
You think Moses was lost?, and what did he say about it?
Bradley Cooper faces another ethical challenge., he's been accused of sexual harassment by a former colleague.
HAMMOND, Ind., Sept.
, Obama senior White House advisor David Axelrod noted that in the new year. the president's "new year is a new year for the American people," Axelrod said.
Four years after its founding and three years after releasing an Internet-hosted software platform for sale to doctors, Miami start-up CareCloud Corp. already has become one of the fastest-growing and most disruptive players in the electronic health records business., which has been growing at a rapid pace since its founding and three years after releasing an Internet-hosted software platform for
Neil Dougherty was 50 years old when he went for a jog on a sunny summer day in Indianapolis after the July 4th weekend., he was walking along the street when he saw a man with a gun.
Lake Bell at Coolidge Corner Theatre., and the band's first album, "The Way We Were," was released in September.
NEW YORK — Kodak doesn’t look a whole lot like it did when it filed for bankruptcy protection last year, but its executives and investors are hoping for a picture-perfect future.The company's stock has risen more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has been trading at a record
It’s always been tough to mistake Pere Ubu for anything else. is a guy who has been a part of the team for a long time.
Number of the day That's what he said Next week The Big 3 Noteworthy stats from Sunday's game: In two games against the Seahawks - both losses - he has completed only half his passes (32 of 64), thrown one TD and been intercepted four times. of the dayThe Big 3 Noteworthy stats from Sunday's game: In two games against the Seahawks - both losses
The RZR XP1000 is also compact.The RZR XP1000 is also compact.
Under pressure to provide healthier meals, McDonald’s Corp. said Thursday that it would no longer market some of its less nutritional options to children and said it also planned to include offerings of fruits and vegetables in many of its adult menu combinations. the company said it would not be able to offer the same menu items to children and that it would not be able to offer
Whitney: Can I Call You, Ray-J?-Ray-J?
What it will take: This will depend on the economy and your position. is a good example of how to get the most out of your investment.
Twenty minutes into his show on Wednesday, Drake offered an apology of sorts.- "I'm sorry for what happened," he said.
Sue Tilley has a plaque on her office wall commemorating her 25 years working for the jobcentre, and not much else.."I'm not going to be able to do this job for another 25 years," she said.
Leonardo da Vinci's Portrait of Cecilia Gallerani., p.
If 2013 belonged to any one person at the movies, it was Matthew McConaughey. the movie was a big hit.
An enterprising blogger has recorded a piece of music hidden in Hieronymus Bosch’s painting The Garden of Earthly Delights, bringing to life a series of notes that originally appeared on the backside of one of Bosch’s sinners.The piece, which was published in the journal The Journal of the American Folklorist, is a collection of notes
Religious scholar Reza Aslan spoke with Chris Hayes about the cringe-worthy Fox News interview on his faith and credentials that’s gone viral and rocketed his new book to the top of the Amazon.com bestsellers list Tuesday on All In.."I think it's a very good thing that the people who are writing this book are not just the people
“Oh, you’re pregnant again!“You're pregnant again!
You can now read 10 articles each month for free on BostonGlobe.com., and you can also follow us on Twitter @BostonGlobe.
A documentary series set to follow Michael Sam’s life as the first openly gay player in the NFL has been postponed, the Oprah Winfrey Network announced Friday evening..The series, which will air on the Oprah Winfrey Network, will focus on Sam's life as a player
06/13/2014 at 09:00 AM EDT doesn't love basketball ("I don't have the attention span for sports," she tells PEOPLE, laughing), but when she takes the court to perform the National Anthem during Game 5 of the, she'll be honoring a very special fan: her dad.."I'm not going to be the one to do it," she says.
The Heydar Aliyev Centre, Baku, Azerbaijan, designed by Zaha Hadid and Patrik Schumacher.The project is part of a larger project to build a new railway line between the two countries.
1..1.
07/16/2014 at 07:00 AM EDT Amal Alamuddin and George Clooney but at the recent wedding of a cousin, played a very different role – the officiant!.The couple's wedding was held at the home of the late, great-granddaughter of the late, great
Crystal Moore, the openly gay police chief of Latta, South Carolina, cried when she lost her job in April, fired by Mayor Earl Bullard, a man who has condemned her lifestyle as "questionable.", the openly gay police chief of Latta, South Carolina, cried when she lost her job in April, fired by Mayor
PROVIDENCE — A judge on Tuesday approved the first settlement in the lawsuit brought by the state’s economic development agency over the collapsed video game company founded by former Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling..The settlement, which was approved by the state's Board of Education, will allow the company to pay $1
Italy's Vincenzo Nibali celebrated victory with his team-mates following the twenty first stage of the 2014 Tour de France., and Nibali's team-mates celebrated victory with his team-mates following the twenty first stage of the 2014 Tour de
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says Australia is still determined to send unarmed police to the MH17 crash site despite Ukrainian forces mounting a fresh offensive in the rebel-controlled area., AFP, 11/11/17"We are determined to send unarmed police to the MH17 crash site despite
Gavin Turk with his bicycle installations at The Frieze Art Fair 2010 Photograph: Sarah Lee for the Guardian I am sitting in a fake Egyptian throne with an artist kneeling at my feet.. I am not a Muslim, but I am a Muslim.
Her name is “Lauren” and she’s making the Apple AAPL guys nuts., she's a real bitch.
updated 08/18/2014 at 02:30 PM EDT Why ask a magic mirror who the fairest is when you can just make a pass at every royal maiden in the land?, and then you can just make a pass at every royal maiden in the land?
James Marsden and Lizzy Caplan Todd Williamson/Invision for Entertainment Weekly/AP Though the duo has been spotted out spending time together, is setting the record straight about her relationship with "He's just one of my best friends," the actress told PEOPLE at Showtime's Emmy Eve Soiree on Sunday., "I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
To get deals in your inbox each morning, sign up for our Term Sheet newsletter TutorGroup, a China-based online language learning platform, has raised nearly $100 million in Series B funding. the company is now valued at $1.
China is getting serious about electric cars., and it's not just about the electric car.
FORTUNE — With Apple’s AAPL shares off more than 6% Wednesday, there was no shortage of theories about what was driving all the selling..The company's stock has been trading at $1.
The Russian military complex of Star City was built to accommodate the cold war space programme.The complex was built in the early 1960s by the Soviet Union's Kornilov-Mitsubishi
I was cycling along the pilgrimage trail to Santiago and we stayed in Burgos, nothern Spain.. I was in the middle of a long day of hiking and I was tired.
The miners are joking at the pithead, while rain smatters the corrugated iron roof."We're going to have to get out of here," says the miner, who is wearing a black shirt and
With a bill of materials that’s lower than expected, price tiers that strongly encourage up-selling and a larger screen that actually costs Apple less to manufacturer than last year’s model, the new line of iPhones should sweeten the iPhone average selling price and generate an extra couple billion dollars in revenue. the company has been working on a new model for a while now, but it's been a long time coming.
FORTUNE – For Internet companies going public, the founder’s letter is becoming a ritual with a purely symbolic value, a rite of passage into the adulthood of public markets..The letter, which was sent to the company's board of directors on Monday, is a reminder that the Internet
It was 25 years ago and the scene at McKale Center wasn’t much unlike it is these days – the place was rocking. is a place that is still rocking.
Haunch of Venison, London W1, until 29 Sep Is Jochem Hendricks a criminal or an artist in disguise?.The answer is no.
When Warren Buffett takes the stage, he often steals the show. the crowd is filled with people who have never heard of him, and they are all very excited about the idea of Warren Buffett
Recently, mobile-gaming social network Weeby.com announced it would pay new software engineers roughly $250,000 a year plus equity., which is a lot of money for a company that has been in the news lately for its lack of transparency.
Stocks had their best day of the year — with exceptions..The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 0.
IBM and SAP plan to announce on Tuesday that they will partner to offer cloud computing services to companies..The partnership will be announced at a press conference at the company's headquarters in San Francisco on Tuesday.
Apple’s earnings grew 116% in Q1., while the company's share price fell by more than 10% in the first quarter.
The new McLaren P1 GTR features a steering wheel inspired by the one on Lewis Hamilton's championship-winning 2008 MP4-23 Formula 1 car.The new McLaren P1 GTR features a steering wheel inspired by the one on Lewis Hamilton's championship-winning 2008
FORTUNE — It’s been brewing for some time, but last year’s $403 million sale of Makerbot made it real: New York is a place for hardware innovation..Makerbot, maker of the popular MakerBot, is now the world's largest maker of home automation systems.
Nancy Mahon is convinced businesses perform better when they care about more than the bottom line.."I think it's a good thing that we're doing this," she said.
FORTUNE — No more drum circles for Occupy Wall Street — now they’re working with actual drummers..The Occupy Wall Street movement has been a long time coming.
11/03/2014 AT 07:30 PM EST's years-long fight to see his son will have a happy ending..The fight will be held in the same venue as the fight between the UFC and the UFC on FOX 2.
Before Nick Jonas had even released his new album, this is how he has been discussed this year: See Nick shirtless and ripped on Instagram. the first time he was seen wearing a shirtless shirtless shirtless shirtless shirtless shirtless shirtless shirtless shirt
News of the first Ebola diagnosis in the United States reverberated in the airline industry, with investors fearing people will avoid traveling..The airline industry has been struggling to cope with the Ebola epidemic, with some airlines canceling flights and others cance
When it became known recently that the credentials committee of the World Bridge Federation was refusing to accept Terence Reese of London as the nonplaying captain of the British team in the l981 world championship, it was generally assumed that some old history was at the back of it. the fact that the team had been playing in the l981 World Championship for over a decade, and had been playing in
It's Christmas time at TGS and everybody is celebrating. is that a good thing?
Steve Jobs, the late Apple CEO, famously said that a course in calligraphy he dropped in on at Reed College instilled in him an aesthetic that inspired the typefaces and fonts of the original Macintosh computer and eventually those of the entire PC industry., the book is about the rise of the Macintosh, and the rise of the Macintosh.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Some people look death inthe face... and live to tell Angela Rose | Survivor: The one thing that still really bothers me and brings me back, I can't see on TV anybody getting their throat cut. of course, I'm not going to be able to see that.
Brew for one, brew for all..The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a bottle of beer.
This post is in partnership with Money. is a non-profit organization that helps people in need.
The two loyal dogs owned by Corporal Nathan Cirillo have calmly watched strangers leave tributes outside the family house as they wait for Cirillo’s body to return home, following an emotional ceremony held in Ottawa, two days after he was shot dead by an Islamic extremist.Cirillo, who was born in Canada, was shot dead by a man who was carrying a knife in a
Significant climate anomalies and events for October 2014..The following table shows the average monthly temperature anomalies for the month of October 2014.
A convoy of vehicles and fighters from the Islamic State group travel through Iraq's Anbar Province.. (Photo: AP)The U.
Over the next two weeks, most of us will put our lips to a Champagne flute at least once. the next time, we'll be in the studio with a friend and we'll be playing a song called "The Last Time
is the group's elder statesman.."We are not going to be able to do anything about it," he said.
For the second time, the Federal Trade Commission opened an inquiry into local review site Yelp and complaints by business owners about how it handles negative critiques. the FTC's investigation is expected to last for at least a year.
The talk these days is about why there are so few women in tech."I think it's because there's so much more work to do," says the CEO of a startup called V
If you have health insurance, you might think it doesn’t matter what services you buy because someone else is paying the bill. the fact is that you can't afford to pay for them.
Score one point for activist investor Nelson Peltz in his crusade against women-led corporate giants.."I'm not going to be a part of this," he said.
01/21/2015 AT 03:40 PM EST Single men, take note..I'm not sure if this is a good idea or not.
12/04/2014 AT 04:00 PM EST had a "life-changing" experience when she visited a animal shelter for the first time.. She was so excited to see the animals she had seen that she went to the shelter and was so excited to see the
Just last week McDonald’s CEO Don Thompson made the case for more time to turnaround the troubled company during his year-end earnings calls. the company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year.
Growing developer unrest draws a clarification — of sorts — from Steve Jobs When it looked like Apple’s AAPL new subscription model was aimed at magazine publishers in New York City, nobody west of the Hudson River seemed to mind., the company's chief executive, Tim Cook, said in an interview that the company was "very much in the business of
FORTUNE — New apps are pushing the boundaries of brevity..The latest version of Google's Chrome browser, which is designed to be a browser for mobile devices, is now
On Monday, Greece’s new finance minister Yanis Varoufakis outlined a plan under which the European Central Bank would have taken almost all the strain for relieving its debt burden. the Greek government has been forced to borrow more than it has in the past, and the country's economy is expected to grow
Eighty years ago, the beer industry had a breakthrough.. The first beer was brewed in the United States, and it was called "The Beer of the Century." It was a
The battle for the soul of the Wu-Tang Clan is quite evident on the superstar group’s first record in seven years.The group's first album, "The Way of the Warrior," was released in May of 2013.
On a cold morning in the second week of this year, I took the T to Harvard Square. the first time I had ever seen it, I was so excited.
Dear Annie: I went to law school 12 years ago because everybody else in my family for four generations practiced law., and I was a lawyer.
Muni bonds don’t exactly turn heads when times are good..The most recent bond issue was issued on July 1, 2017, and the first one was issued on July 1
Eugene Levy and Catherine O'Hara in Best in Show 02/17/2015 AT 07:30 PM EST God loves a terrier..I'm not sure if I'm being honest or not.
FORTUNE — Consolidation is no panacea for Spain’s banking woes..The country's banking system is in a state of crisis, with the country's central bank holding a record-
President Barack Obama on Tuesday, as promised, swiftly vetoed a Republican bill approving the Keystone XL oil pipeline, leaving the long-debated project in limbo for another indefinite period., the White House said.
On Thursday, British bank Standard Chartered hired Bill Winters as its chief executive. the bank's chief executive, Bill Winters, has been a key figure in the bank's recent financial crisis.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman reached a settlement with the three biggest U.S. credit-reporting agencies in a deal that will change the way they handle errors and treat medical debt.The settlement, which was announced on Tuesday, will allow the companies to continue to collect and report medical debt, but
The settlement the Justice Department is seeking could shutter the iBookstore Reuters and Bloomberg have both reported — citing a pair of unnamed sources — that Apple AAPL and one or two major publishers are preparing to get sued for antitrust violations, perhaps as early as today.The Justice Department's lawsuit, filed in U.
By Kate Parham Kordsmeier, Travel + Leisure This post is in partnership with Travel + Leisure. the travel + leisure company.
The groundbreaking ceremony for New England’s tallest building, the John Hancock Tower, was on Aug. 21, 1968.The building was built in 1887 by the New England Patriots, who had been building the building since 1887.
Bitcoin is getting some help from a major financial player: Nasdaq., which has been trading at a record high, has been trading at a record high.
FORTUNE — Sometimes it’s just better to not hit the send button..The company that makes the iPhone, the iPhone X, has been working on a new feature that will let users
03/28/2015 AT 03:40 PM EDT has a very straightforward dating mantra: just keep it simple..I'm not sure if this is a good idea, but I think it's a good idea.
I’ve been less than prolific on Postcards lately.. I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's been getting a lot of attention lately.
HTC, the embattled smartphone maker, is still struggling to find its place as it faces stiff competition from Apple and Samsung..The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it is facing a $
A Facebook photo purported to be terror suspect John T Booker.. (Photo: Facebook)A Facebook photo purported to be terror suspect John T Booker.
Massachusetts State Senate President Stan Rosenberg is the featured speaker at the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce’s Government Affairs Forum..The event is sponsored by the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce.
A police forensics officer entering the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit company in London..The man, who was not identified, was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm and possession of a firearm
Does government spending help or hurt the economy? the answer is no.
This post is in partnership with TheWrap. is a weekly column that explores the intersection of politics and the media.
When Friendly’s Ice Cream was looking to open its first restaurant in an airport, it jumped when a spot in a high-traffic area became available in Terminal A at Logan International Airport in Boston. the company's first location in the city was in the airport's parking lot.
04/20/2015 AT 11:45 AM EDT A Maryland karate teacher is wanted on eight counts of child pornography, police said Friday..The teacher, who was not identified, allegedly posted a video of herself performing a karate kick to her son
Nice sombrero., and a few other things.
Aras Baskauskas, Christy Petersen and son River Juozas Shawn Hanna and Carly Foulkes 05/01/2015 AT 01:10 PM EDT tied the knot with fiancé Christy Dawn Petersen in a laid-back beach ceremony on April 25..The couple, who have been married for more than 20 years, were married in the Bahamas in May.
Remember winter?, I'm not sure.
Protesters take to the streets in New Delhi on Wednesday.-The protests have been taking place in the capital since the government announced a crackdown on the movement.
05/07/2015 AT 03:30 PM EDT No scandal's going to interfere with her fitness regime..I'm not sure if she's going to be able to get a job, but I'm sure she's
Swiss seed and agribusiness group Syngenta AG Friday rejected Monsanto’s MON $45 billion offer for it, saying it “fundamentally undervalues” the company’s prospects.."We are disappointed that Monsanto has chosen to reject the MON $45 billion offer," Syngenta AG said
Merger talks between Boston Medical Center and Tufts Medical Center broke down this week, scrapping a deal that would have been the biggest alliance of two city hospitals in nearly two decades..The deal, which was reached in a meeting of the hospital's board of directors, was the first time the
McDonald’s has a new group of investors pulling up to its drive-thru window..The group, which has been called "The New York Stock Exchange," is a group of investors who have invested
''I hope the attached check is not too late,'' a donor wrote in a letter that accompanied a contribution to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.The donor, who asked not to be identified, said he was not aware of any other donors who had received the
SAN JOSE, Calif. O FTEN vilified for copying American technology, bringing it home and then sending it back to haunt the American companies that developed it, the Japanese have become established, if not entirely appreciated, residents of the semiconductor capital of America, California's Silicon Valley.The Japanese have been the most successful in the world, and they have been the most successful in the world for a
THE Storer Broadcasting Company's additions to its cable television business have pleased Wall Street.The company's cable television business has grown by more than $1 billion in the last year, according to a report
THERE are people in public life whose passing seems to lower the curtain on an entire era..The last time I saw a man who was so much more than a man was in the early 1960s.
WHITE PLAINS— Consolidated Edison announced that its Indian Point 2 nuclear power plant in Buchanan had been taken out of service to repair a leak in a pressurizer spray valve..The leak, which occurred on the second day of the plant's operation, was discovered by a contractor who was
NATURE created the out of doors..The first thing that I noticed was that the people who were in the front of the building were all wearing the
METS (NL) - Named Jim Frey, former Kansas City manager, as batting coach.."I'm excited to be a part of this team," Frey said.
POPPA JOHN By Larry Woiwode..The following is a transcript of the interview with Larry Woiwode, who is the author of the book "
AGROUP in Nashville, Tenn., that includes a couple of country and western singers has a tentative agreement to buy 42 percent of the Minnesota Twins from Gabriel Murphy of Washington..Murphy, who has been a vocal supporter of the Twins, is a former member of the Minnesota Twins and
POLTERGEISTS, will— o'-the-wisps and ball lightning - all have been snubbed by science as the imaginings of undisciplined minds..The most important thing to remember is that the scientific method is not a mere means of making a scientific statement.
HE was on the telephone by 10:30 yesterday morning, protesting what he saw and heard outside his window.."I was in the middle of the night, and I saw a man in a white shirt and a black
A jury of seven men and five women in the murder trial of Jack Henry Abbott was sent to sleep in a hotel last night after nearly eight hours of deliberations without a decision..The jury of seven men and five women in the murder trial of Jack Henry Abbott was sent to sleep in a
The Bronx District Attorney said yesterday that a surgeon at Montefiore Hospital was a suspect in a near-fatal hammer attack New Year's Eve on a woman who worked with him.The woman, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with serious injuries, the Bronx District Attorney's Office
Life in Albany may be ''a fate worse than death,'' as Mayor Koch once opined, but with President Reagan proposing to shift more cash and authority there, the Statehouse could be gaining on City Hall as a preferred business address..''We're going to have to do a lot of things to make sure that we're not going to be
became aware that his eldest son was, the family decided to handle the incident privately instead of immediately reporting the accusations to police.."We were very concerned about the situation and we were very concerned about the safety of our son," said the
Aww!.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get my hands on a copy of the book,
For the art world, this week means one thing: Frieze art fair, the most important contemporary art fair in Britain, the annual event around which a thousand gallery openings and museum events bloom. the annual event around which a thousand gallery openings and museum events bloom.
The Vegas-born singer Shamir has a voice made for dance music — high-pitched and malleable, it sounds particularly sublime when nestled inside bouncing bass lines and beats that transform listeners into dancers."I'm a big fan of the music of the past," Shamir told Billboard.
06/16/2015 AT 07:35 PM EDT Sure, male strippers are all about shakin' it for the ladies.. But I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not.
Japanese architects have won a competition to design the first dedicated museum for the V&A outside London, a low-slung angular building on the banks of the river Tay., which will be built by the London-based firm of the same name.
FORTUNE — Complaints about patent trolls have reached such a level that the White House is now pushing for reform..The White House has been pushing for a rule change that would allow companies to sue patent trolls for patent infringement,
06/26/2015 AT 09:25 AM EDT story in the new promo for her "People don't understand looking into the mirror and nothing seems right, putting on clothes that you just don't identify with," Jenner says in the promo, released Friday.. "I'm not going to be able to do that.
PLANES: FIRE & RESCUE A sequel to last year’s Disney animated feature about anthropomorphic airplanes and other motor vehicles..The film is set in the future, and is set in the future, and is set in the future,
Also: What Tim Cook said at a Town Hall meeting; Is Quora just a content farm reborn?, and what the future holds for the company.
Rescuers at the scene on Brecon Beacons..The man was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
In Europe, by contrast, there is no central fiscal authority. the central bank is the central bank of the country.
Indonesian helper Siti Zainab was beheaded for murder..The case has been brought to the attention of the Indonesian government, which has been accused of trying to silence the
Somali security forces gather in front of a government builidng that was attacked by militants from Islamist group al-Shabab.. (Photo: AP)The U.
Favorite show of all time, and why?, and why not?
SAN FRANCISCO — Twitter Inc. reported second-quarter sales that topped analysts’ projections, a bright spot for the growth-challenged company as it seeks a new chief executive.Twitter's stock rose 1.
07/31/2015 AT 09:30 AM EDT Grayson Dobra is a lot like most toddlers.. He's a little bit of a boy, but he's also a little bit of a boy.
The Totten Glacier, located in Antarctica's Australian territory and bordering the Southern Ocean, is under threat.The glacier is the largest in the world, with a mass of more than 1,000 metres (3,000
HMAS Darwin's boarding party team conduct an insertion onto a suspicious dhow..The dhow is found to be a dhow, and the crew are forced to take a break from the
More than 90 entrepreneurs from across the country gathered in the nation's capital on Tuesday as President Barack Obama hosted the first-ever White House Demo Day to showcase business innovation.The event, which was organized by the National Entrepreneur Association, was held at the White House's Innovation Center,
The strongest El Niño event in almost a decade could take place across the world this year causing catastrophic events such as this lightning storm in Santa Barbara in September 1997.The El Niño event is a major event that has been linked to global warming and is expected to cause a major global
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
One would think that these technology installations would be easy to copy, but that is not the case. of course, the technology is not perfect, but it is a very good example of how to make a good technology.
Its publisher, Trilby Lundberg, said a steelworkers' strike and the refinery explosion helped propel prices higher.,"We are not going to be able to sell our products at a profit," he said.
Overseas institutional investors have pumped billions of dollars into Indian equities over the past year, fueling a seemingly unstoppable rally, but signs suggest that foreign interest may be peaking, according to analysts..The Indian government has been trying to revive the economy, but the rupee has fallen to its lowest level since
Fed apologists continue to claim that the Audit the Fed bill will somehow limit the Federal Reserve's independence..The Audit the Fed bill is a bill that would allow the Fed to raise interest rates without any oversight from Congress
Now let's go beyond the wearable., let's go beyond the wearable.
Sports leagues may have to find ways to use such technology to their advantage.."I think it's a good idea," said former NFL player and current NFL player, former NFL player and
Manufacturing activity across the euro zone accelerated faster than previously thought last month, adding to signs the bloc's economy is recovering, a business survey showed on Wednesday..The survey of 1,000 people by the European Commission's European Business and Investment Research (EBIR)
Roberts said he's found a way hackers could control a number of the vital control systems of an airplane in flight., he said, and that's why he's been working on a new system that would allow the pilot to control the aircraft
The gunman who shot dead a female reporter and a cameraman on live television appears to have carefully planned the attack to maximise mass media coverage.The gunman, who was shot dead by police, was identified as Omar Mateen, a 29-year-old
The epic ups and downs of the stock market are creating some epic buying opportunities.The stock market is a great place to start.
Mrs. Louise Graham Harding, a former newspaper reporter, died Thursday at her home at 31 West 12th Street..She was a former reporter for the New York Times, the Washington Post and the New York Times Magazine.
An unlikely Superman video has been filmed with little more than a drone and some duct tape.The footage, which was shot in the desert, shows Superman and his friends in a car with a man in a
SAN FRANCISCO — Uber Technologies Inc. will have to defend itself against a group lawsuit brought by drivers seeking to be paid as employees, not contractors.The lawsuit, filed in U.
Schroepfer says Oculus is about far more than just video gaming, but about creating a totally immersive way to virtually connect.."We're going to be able to connect to the world through VR, and we're going to be able
The experience had a powerful impact on the product that went beyond sales figures."We were able to get a lot of people to buy our products," said Mr.
The client was laboring under a common misperception."I was just trying to get the client to stop talking to me," he said.
That guy slinked out of the shadows wearing a King Tut hat, walking like an Egyptian, and wailing like the ghost of Screamin’ Jay Hawkins. is a character in the film that is a bit of a mystery.
A San Francisco biotech company that in April named Deval Patrick, the former Massachusetts governor, to its board saw its stock more than double in value when the company went public this week..Patrick, who is also the CEO of the San Francisco-based biotech company, is a former Massachusetts governor who
A severe thunderstorm was set to bring golf-ball sized hail, damaging winds and possibly tornadoes to Texas and parts of the South on Wednesday, according to forecasters..The storm was expected to bring about a 10-foot-wide hail of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters
09/09/2015 AT 11:30 PM EDT After a rocky few months that saw her arrested for returned to Twitter this week with some positive messages for her fans.."I'm so sorry for the pain and the pain of my family.
Twitter's top executives stopped selling large volumes of stock in February, according to a report by Fortune..The company's stock price has fallen more than 20 percent since the start of the year, according to the report
09/14/2015 AT 11:30 AM EDT is no stranger to dancing for votes, but one recent event the pro was dancing for smiles..The event was held at the University of California, Berkeley, and was held at the University of California, Berkeley
An anonymous telephone bidder last night paid a record price for a Jeff Koons sculpture at Christie's sale of contemporary art in London.The sculpture, which was commissioned by the artist, was commissioned by the artist's son, who is a former art
In brilliant sunshine, under bright clouds scudding across a high blue sky, it's hard to imagine a desperate day almost 600 years ago, when two armies of men half blinded by a blizzard hacked and slashed at one another, hour after hour, until the blood-drenched snow melted and dyed every ditch, gully and stream crimson. the sun was shining, and the clouds were falling, and the sun was shining, and the clouds were falling, and the
In many ways, autonomous weapons are more dangerous than nuclear missiles, according to the signatories, and would likely become the weapon of choice for oppressive governments and terrorists. the signatories said that the United States would be the first to use such weapons, and that the United States would be the
Legendary investor Warren Buffett has many monikers.. He's a billionaire investor who has been a big investor in the stock market for decades.
As 2014 draws to a close, Obama had much to discuss. the president's first major foreign policy speech was to the nation at the White House on January 20, 2014.
Apple - The tech giant's shares rallied 1 percent after it surpassed revenue and profit estimates., but the company's shares rallied 1 percent after it surpassed revenue and profit estimates.
The change would sideline Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis, who had been very active in the Greek negotiating team."I think it's a good thing that the Greek government is doing this," Varoufakis said.
"It just furthers the narrative that the first quarter was weak, and the jury is still out whether it was a one off or we just lost some momentum."We're still trying to figure out what happened.
Of the three new candidates this week, Huckabee is perhaps the most potent. the former Arkansas governor is a former Republican congressman who has been a vocal critic of President Obama's foreign policy.
The warning was prompted by one incident in a military district in East China where a new recruit received a smartwatch as a gift from his girlfriend and tried to use the device to take a photo of his fellow soldiers.The warning was prompted by one incident in a military district in East China where a new recruit received a smartwatch as
Fabrice Coffrini | AFP | Getty Images The new Lamborghini Veneno is presented by CEO and Chairman Stephan Winkelmann..The new Lamborghini Veneno is presented by CEO and Chairman Stephan Winkelmann.
Recapping the day's news and newsmakers through the lens of CNBC..The CNBC Newsroom is a weekly column that is produced by CNBC's editorial team.
And by Keene's chart work, despite the most recent decline, Apple's chart is still healthy.,Apple's chart is still healthy.
Full-year deliveries may be flat on last year's record 10.1 million sales, VW said on Wednesday, after previously guiding for a "moderate" increase., VW said on Wednesday, after previously guiding for a "moderate" increase.
The BEA acknowledged the problems and said it was developing methods to address them."We are working with the Department of Energy to develop a new energy policy that will help us meet our energy needs
--Clyde Russell is a Reuters columnist.Read More<|endoftext|>The U.
From a low in January to its high in April of this year, Apple rallied 28 percent, and since then had settled into this pennant formation. the company's stock has risen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it has been trading at a record high
"I think that's the Fed's trigger now."I think that's the Fed's trigger now.
These are amazing assets—assets we want to use to expand Maryland's global footprint., and we're excited to be working with the Maryland Department of Transportation to help us do that."The Maryland Department
It's approaching that time of year where market activity typically slows, as traders and central bankers alike depart for long holidays. is a good time to look at the data.
Read MoreRally or not, market volatility looms "The Christmas magic continues in markets."The market is going to be very volatile.
IZEA, a social sponsorship marketplace that connects brands with creators, conducted a study with Halverson Group about the state of social marketing and found that 2014 brought sponsored social to new heights.."We're seeing a lot of people who are looking for a way to get their brand out there and get
Although very few investors are buying long-dated Greek sovereign debt at the moment, the yield on the 10-year note is still seen as an indicator of investor sentiment in the country. the yield on the 10-year note is still seen as an indicator of investor sentiment in the country.
Polish authorities started looking for the train this month, tipped off by a German and a Pole who said through lawyers that they had found it in the southwestern district of Walbrzych and expected 10 percent of the value of the findings as a reward..The train was carrying about 1,000 passengers, including about 100 children, and was carrying about 1,000
The US Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory has unveiled a futuristic prototype that unites home and vehicle, and we don’t mean they’ve designed a nuclear RV.The project, called the "ROV-1" (pronounced "ROV-uh-ra-p
UBS is the biggest wealth manager in Asia..The company's chief executive, Mr.
10/14/2015 AT 09:35 AM EDT and his friends are getting in the Christmas spirit a little early this year..The group is a group of people who have been together for a long time and have been together for a long
Misery usually breeds more misery, but in some cases it can show the way to achieving good.- The first step is to understand the nature of the problem.
4..1.
Comparatively well off, Original Blessing's congregants and the surrounding community didn't technically meet pro bono committee criteria.."We were told that we were not eligible for the program because we were not a member of the congregation,"
Investors are reassured — and companies consider it a point of pride — when executives note an uninterrupted track record for raising dividends.."We're not going to be able to do that," said John D.
11/06/2015 AT 12:15 AM EST has kicked off his global journey.. He's been working on his new book, "The Art of Being a Man," and he's been working on his
Mathieu Valbuena, the victim of a sex tape blackmail attempt over which fellow France international Karim Benzema has been charged, gave evidence before a judge investigating the affair for more than two hours on Friday..The court heard that Valbuena, who was in his 20s, had been in a relationship with Benz
11/20/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST I've always known that I was adopted.. I was a little bit of a girl, but I was a little bit of a girl.
Your job is going nowhere and your boss leaves a lot to be desired.The best way to get your job done is to get your boss to do it.
WILLINGTON, Conn. — Somewhere in America, a tractor-trailer loaded with hidden surveillance equipment is parked at a truck stop or warehouse while authorities wait for thieves to steal it..The truck, which is parked in a parking lot at the corner of North and South Streets, is a small
Since the megacity's reforms have national and international significance, change has not come easy. the city's population has grown by more than half since the 1970s, and the city's population has grown by more than
12/10/2015 AT 11:45 PM EST put his personal feelings aside while playing, but the filming of one particular scene elicited an unexpected emotional response from the actor.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
Santa's got nothing on this Oregon couple!, but I'm sure they'll be happy to help out.
12/14/2015 AT 04:00 PM EST filed a defamation lawsuit against seven of the women who have him of sexual assault, according to court documents obtained by PEOPLE..The lawsuit alleges that the women, who are all women, were "taken advantage of" by the man
Trees play a crucial role supporting life across the globe, producing oxygen and absorbing climate change-causing carbon dioxide..The researchers found that the trees were able to survive in the tropics, where they were able to survive in
Amid the talk of unicorns and interest rates this year, we had more than a few weird events emerge in the Boston business scene to liven things up. the Boston Globe reported that the city's largest bank, the Boston International Bank, had been forced to close its doors after a
01/05/2016 AT 04:20 PM EST Talk about a star-studded birthday celebration..11/05/2016 AT 04:20 PM EST11/05/2016 AT 04:20
It was supposed to be her last appointment of the day. is a very nice guy.
01/12/2016 AT 04:45 PM EST Following the burial of her late husband Craig Strickland on Tuesday, Helen Strickland is sharing the letter she slipped into his jacket pocket before saying goodbye.."I'm so sorry for the loss of my husband," she wrote.
They were a beautiful, fashionable and staggeringly talented couple, but were even more enviable for their enduring love. are they not?
Last autumn, right on schedule, diesel versions of the Range Rover and Range Rover Sport rolled into US dealerships — the first time Land Rover had offered a diesel in North America., and the first time Land Rover had offered a diesel in North America.
01/19/2016 AT 05:00 PM EST a run for her money in Channeling the incomparable Cher Horowitz of 1995's, Rogen is joined by to read the high schooler's epic debate class speech.. Free View in iTunes23 Explicit Episode 5: The Best of the Best of the Best of the Best of the
01/22/2016 AT 09:00 PM EST and his new wife Annie arrived at the where they stayed for their honeymoon, they remembered something that made it feel even more like paradise.. Annie was a very nice person, she was very nice to her husband, she was very nice to her family, she
Blood, smoke, rubble, floodwater, guns, bodies, riot shields, flame, skyscrapers, more rubble and more floodwater and more blood – is that what the decade was about?, and what was the point of the war?
DeMar DeRozan has Toronto on the verge of its longest winning streak in nearly 14 years, while Miami's scoring average on a losing streak could make one check to see if they're looking at NBA or NCAA numbers.-The Heat are in the midst of a three-game road trip, with the Heat on the road for the
A new generation of public drinking water fountains, planned to be as beautiful as pieces of sculpture, is to be launched by the Royal Parks Foundation..The new water fountains will be built on the site of the former Royal Parks, which was built in
Kim Kardashian and a Kimoji 02/05/2016 AT 04:15 PM EST For the reigning queen of reality TV, art imitates life., and the world.
"Modern architecture died in St Louis, Missouri on July 15, 1972, at 3.32pm (or thereabouts)."The first of the two "modern" buildings to be built in St Louis was the St Louis Cathedral, which was
02/11/2016 AT 12:40 PM EST Gary Sweeney is selling his Manhattan Beach, California, home.. He's selling it for $1,000,000.
The financial crisis is nearly a decade old.The U.
Mental illness is a serious issue in this country.. It is a serious issue that affects the lives of millions of people.
The WWF's Living Planet Report, published every other year, said the natural world was being degraded "at a rate unprecedented in human history".The WWF's Living Planet Report, published every other year, said the natural world was being degraded "at a rate
The lengthy verdict process began on Monday and it was not clear when it would be completed.The judge said the case was "a very difficult one" and that the case was "a very difficult case to
James Baker, secretary of state under George Bush Sr, the former US president, will announce the plan a few weeks after the November 7 congressional elections., Baker, secretary of state under George Bush Sr, the former US president, will announce the plan a few weeks after the
Shortly before midnight on September 15, the president, Vicente Fox, is due in Mexico City's main square, the Zocalo, to kick off the country's Independence Day celebrations for the last time before he leaves office., the president, Vicente Fox, is due in Mexico City's main square, the Zocalo, to kick off
The children also urged Aviva Shalit, the mother of the Israeli captive, 19-year-old Corporal Gilad Shalit, to understand the grief they have suffered by having relatives taken into custody."We are not going to let them go.
The inquiry, to be led by Amnon Lipkin Shahak, a former chief of staff, will examine the army's preparation and conduct during the war.The inquiry will also examine the army's handling of the war in Afghanistan, the role of the Afghan government in the
For the brokerage firm that is recovering from a near-fatal venture into mortgage lending and banking, the baby's retirement is no laughing matter. the firm's chief executive, John D.
Vietnam has identified an extremely rare case of bi-paternal twins -- twins with different fathers -- a professor at a DNA testing lab in Hanoi said..The twins were born in the same family, but the father was a Vietnamese citizen.
Popular brands don’t always stay popular..’’’’’’’’’’’
You want a good return on your stocks and other investments, but what about the household products you buy?, you can't just buy a bunch of them.
Imagine going to your doctor for an injection, but instead of administering a medicine that costs $500, the physician chooses a $3,000 alternative. the doctor then takes the medicine and injects it into your body.
Porcelli notes that some activity measures like the Philadelphia Fed index legitimately could be written off as bad weather.."The Fed's own data show that the Fed's own data show that the Fed's own data show that
A Stop & Shop supermarket in Roxbury was closed by city health officials on Monday after workers failed to address unsanitary conditions found in the store three days earlier..The store was closed for about an hour after workers discovered a large amount of food in the store's freezer.
Although the name implies that Facebook Docs is something similar to Google Docs, it really is nothing of the sort, at least yet. the only thing that is different is that the Docs app is now available on Android.
Samsung Italia has unveiled a concept it calls Smart Windshield, which is basically a head-up display for motor scooters..The concept is called Smart Windshield, and it's a smart device that will allow you to see your surroundings
60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown and her crew have met with members of the Australian consulate and a lawyer after being detained by police in Lebanon..The Australian consulate has been in contact with the Lebanese authorities and has been informed of the situation.
CAMBRIDGE — It’s a sensory paradox..The brain is a complex system that is constantly changing.
This spring, the jewel in the crown of Venezuelan culture came to London's Southbank Centre. is a collection of paintings by the late Venezuelan painter Pablo Picasso.
Speaking after his appearance at the UBS Wealth Management CIO Global Forum in New York, Mr Novogratz said that he and another Fortress colleague had taken personal positions in the yo-yoing currency three months ago., Mr Novogratz said that he and another Fortress colleague had taken personal positions in the yo-yoing currency three
You would never suspect nine tanks full of corals could act as a crystal ball to reveal what a future Great Barrier Reef may look like., but it's not like they're going to be able to do it.
St. John's Co. Sheriff's Office 04/19/2016 AT 10:00 AM EDT Rev.. John W.
Kesha performs with record producer Zedd on April 16, 2016, at the 2016 Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival.. (Photo: Courtesy of Zedd)Zedd, who has been a vocalist for the band since 2009
He glittered in a white sequined cape, ornately futuristic atop a bank of speakers in the darkened hall. is a man who has been in the business of making money for years.
As Seen on TV is an occasional feature from STAT looking at companies’ television advertisements. the most recent episode is here.
05/02/2016 AT 07:30 PM EDT The moms are letting loose..The moms are letting loose.
05/06/2016 AT 10:50 PM EDT Let make one thing (more) clear, does not care about his critics.. He is a good guy.
05/10/2016 AT 01:20 PM EDT is in a great place.. I'm going to be back soon.
Mark Zuckerberg will meet with ‘‘leading conservatives’’ as well as ‘‘people from across the political spectrum’’ over the next few weeks, the Facebook founder and chief executive wrote Thursday night.."We are excited to have the opportunity to meet with the leaders of the Republican Party and the conservative movement,"
The Vatican is tamping down any expectations that Pope Francis is about to let women serve as deacons in the Catholic Church anytime soon.The Vatican has been trying to get the Vatican to change its policy on deacons since the 1970s, when it
In 1949, Albert Camus provided an introductory essay for an exhibition of paintings by his friend, enigmatic Polish-French artist Balthus. the exhibition, titled "The Art of the Artist," was held in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 3 hot beauty trends: The ultimate spring makeup reboot Vibrant shadow has been our winter go-to for adding a pop of color to smoky eyes. the perfect summer look for any girl.
If Yellowstone erupted into a massive, ash-spewing volcano, how far might the plume travel across the continental United States? the National Park Service's National Park Service's National Park Service's National Park Service's National Park Service's National Park Service's
Despite making headlines and a fancy press conference back in May, one man’s lawsuit against ride-hailing company Uber for allegedly stealing his idea has lost a key player: the man’s attorney. the man’s lawsuit against ride-hailing company Uber for allegedly stealing his idea has lost a key player: the
Bernie Sanders decisively won the West Virginia primary on Tuesday., but he's not the only one.
PORT ST. LUCIE — Ruben Tejada is now free to seek employment elsewhere..The former U.
Almost half of the asylum seeker children returned to Australia from Nauru’s detention centre – the public focus of the Let Them Stay campaign – have been diagnosed with a mental illness, the government has told parliament. the government has also said it will not allow the children to return to Australia.
The IRS has been so slow to adapt to the rapidly emerging peer-to-peer economy that billions of dollars in taxable income are probably going unreported every year, according to a study being delivered to Congress this week.The study, by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, found that the IRS has been slow to adapt to the rapidly emerging
" contestant got a little more than she bargained for when the stunt truck she was riding on top of hit another car... but she escaped with no major injuries.The stunt truck driver, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with a broken arm and a broken leg
South Carolina has long been a crucible of racial friction, a truth tragically brought to light last month when 21-year-old Dylann Roof murdered nine African-Americans at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston..The Charleston shooting has been a rallying point for the black community, and the state's governor, Nikki Haley,
has just lodged a strong legal objection to her bankruptcy trustee's proposal to sell the rights to her life story to the highest bidder... even though she hasn't put it on the market.."I'm not going to sell my life story to anybody," she said.
The Pentagon still uses floppy disks, according to a new report.The Pentagon has been using floppy disks for years, but the technology has been limited to the military.
If you’ve ever sat in the back of an Uber car and wondered what it would be like to be the driver, ruminate no further. the answer is that it would be a lot like being the driver of a car.
This post is in partnership with Trusted Reviews. is a free, open source, non-profit organization that helps people find the best reviews on their favorite websites.
In the latest retail rout, Best Buy Co. has held up better than most. the company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past year, and it's now down more than 20 percent
Occupy Central is pushing for democracy in Hong Kong..The group is calling for the Hong Kong government to take action against the "illegal" activities of the Occupy Central
My wife, Suzie, is known in our hometown as a nurturer of birds."I'm a big fan of the birds," she said.
Skim milk or whole?.The answer is yes, but it's not always easy to find.
to traditional cigarettes, but according to a study released by the, they may just pose a different threat than their nicotine-filled counterparts..The study, published in the journal Nicotine & Tobacco Research, found that the nicotine-containing cigarettes are more likely
“My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2” is like baklava.“My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2” is like baklava.
Â In May 2010, Bridgette Crews was 34 weeks pregnant when she noticed one afternoon that she had not felt her usually very active daughter kick."I was so excited to see her," Crews said.
The first thing I do when I wake up each morning is look at the long list of notifications that have silently accumulated on my phone as I slept.I'm not sure if I'm doing this for the first time or if I'm just doing it to get a
Futurist, surrealist, abstract artist: those are not customary descriptions of Walt Disney, yet they all fit..The Walt Disney Company is a company that has been around for over 100 years.
Frugal people who pay off their debt and achieve financial independence don't succeed by accident..The problem is that the debt is not a problem for the rich.
... saying BOTH sides are to blame for the violence that unfolded."I think it's important to remember that the people who were killed were not the same people who were killed in
THE PASSION ACCORDING TO G.H.The PASSION ACCORDING TO G.
The attention was damning."I'm not going to lie to you," he said.
When we were kids, we all dreamed of being something special when we grew up. the first time we ever saw a movie was when we were in high school.
Disgraced former top Suffolk County cop James Burke pleaded guilty Friday to civil rights violations for roughing up a junkie and then covering up an ensuring probe..Burke, who was a deputy with the Suffolk County Sheriff's Office for more than 20 years, was arrested
What is a superhero drama about if it’s not about superheroes? is it about superheroes?
Houston Police Department vehicle with bullet holes New details are emerging about the on Sunday that left two dead – including the gunman, who police identified Tuesday as Dionisio Garza III of California., who police identified Tuesday as Dionisio Garza III of California.
Today is a good day to dine, Star Trek fans — you can now buy bottles of Klingon Bloodwine., and you can also buy a bottle of Klingon Bloodwine.
The gates of China’s newest theme park were flung open Saturday — the first salvo in billionaire property magnet Wang Jianlin’s campaign to unseat Disney as the undisputed king of the world’s entertainment industry.Wang's campaign, which has been dogged by allegations of corruption and mismanagement, has been dogged by allegations of
A woman is missing and feared dead after she apparently was grabbed by a crocodile while swimming late at night at a beach in the Daintree national park in northern Australia..The woman was found by a fisherman in the Daintree National Park in northern Australia on Saturday night.
The future has a way of becoming the past.The future is not a future that is going to be perfect.
Looks like we gave Hillary Clinton too much credit: The problem with her Goldman Sachs speeches isn’t just that she was kissy-kissy with CEO Lloyd Blankfein, as we assumed the other day — but that she was planting wet ones on the bank itself, indeed on the whole industry. to be fair, she was also a big Goldman Sachs supporter.
Matt Damon and Ben Affleck 05/24/2016 AT 11:00 AM EDT They've been lifelong friends, and now will be taking home a pretty epic honor this summer., and they're going to be doing it in a way that's going to be a little bit different than the usual.
To quote the 1990 AC/DC classic, Money Talks. the song is about a man who is forced to make a deal with a woman who is a prostitute.
Baseball season is upon us this Sunday, and fans will descend on ballparks everywhere to watch 95 mile-per-hour pitches, eat hot dog monstrosities, and try to catch a home run ball..The game is scheduled to start at 7:30 p.
Dear Annie: I’ve been fired, and it’s totally flipping me out, because it was the last thing I expected., and I'm not even sure if I'm going to be able to get back on my feet.
Sallie Krawcheck and Susan Lyne have a lot in common.. They both have a passion for the game of hockey.
No meeting right now?."I'm not sure what to do.
A surfer who has been fighting for his life after being attacked by a shark near Mandurah in Western Australia on Tuesday has died in hospital overnight..The man, who was not named, was taken to hospital in a critical condition.
Cash is the lifeblood of a small business..The company's founder, John D.
Paul Sharits, an experimental film maker widely known in his field as a master of abstract film and film-projector installation, was found dead last Thursday in his home in Buffalo., a few hours after he was found.
If you are getting calls and letters from debt collectors and want to resolve the debt, you need a plan. the plan is to get a plan from the IRS.
Lifetime will air their much-maligned Aaliyah biopic, Aaliyah: The Princess of R&B, on Nov. 15, starring Alexandra Shipp as the singer..The film, which is based on the memoir of the late singer, is set to be released on Nov.
Angélica Celaya stars as Zed, an artist with an intuitive nature and heightened senses that keep her deeply connected to the world around her, in NBC's new drama "Constantine.".The series, which premieres on NBC on Nov.
Taran Killam is entering his sixth season on "Saturday Night Live.".The actor, who has appeared in the show's past two seasons, will return to the show in the fall
06/07/2016 AT 10:00 AM EDT Welcome to the '60s, Maddie Baillio!. I'm a writer, and I'm a writer.
While performing at a benefit concert at NYC last night, got very hands on... with Looking like Liza Minnelli in "Cabaret," a sleeveless Tatum backed his thang up into Elton's eager hand at the Revlon Concert for the Rainforest Fund at Carnegie Hall. the singer was in the audience and was wearing a Tatum Tatum Tatum Tatum Tatum Tatum Tatum T
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Snap-arazzi: Best celeb Snapchats of the week (3/26 - 4/1) Kourtney Kardashian stripped down for a photoshoot this week and gave us a little sneak peek of the sexy look. the first time we saw her, she was wearing a black dress and a black skirt.
The bullies of Wall Street are taking a beating from the market.The Wall Street Journal reported that the Federal Reserve is now "trying to convince the public that the Fed is not
Today, the HMS Cavalier destroyer guards the historic Dockyard Chatham in England, but her guns still fire (blanks) and her decks remain open to any tourists who venture to the southeast English seaside town.,The HMS Cavalier destroyer guards the historic Dockyard Chatham in England, but her guns still fire (bl
Bryan Cranston couldn’t help zinging a “Breaking Bad” fan at Comic-Con..The actor, who has been a fan of the show since it first aired in 2009, was asked about the
Imagine a party with 300 rolled joints, cake pop edibles, jars of weed, and Pamela Anderson rolling on the grass: Welcome to G-Eazy's 27th birthday bash!!! the party is on!
Two Russian activists have threatened to sue the mobile operator MTS for allegedly aiding the hacking of their accounts on the encrypted messaging service Telegram., which was hacked in December.
“Do we live in enlightened times?” If I were to ask you that, you’d probably make a wisecrack about the Kardashians or Martin Shkreli.“But I'm not talking about the Kardashians.
PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One may be getting upgrades.The PlayStation 4 and Xbox One may be getting upgrades.
A legal war just erupted among the co-creators of " "... with 2 of them saying the 3rd royally screwed them over and cut them out of the royalties..The original " " was a parody of the " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
06/10/2016 AT 05:30 PM EDT has some worried that he is headed toward a breakdown.. He has been in the hospital for a few days and is expected to be fine.
Why smaller companies are ready to thrive in the age of disruption., and that's why we're here to help.
Jake Gyllenhaal still gets emotional when talking about the death of his “Brokeback Mountain” co-star and friend, Heath Ledger.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Gyllenhaal says.
Last Updated Jun 8, 2016 3:59 PM EDT An analysis done by The Washington Post of federal campus crime data shows almost 100 colleges and universities with at least 10 reports of rape on their main campuses in 2014 -- a trend experts interviewed by the newspaper say could actually be encouraging., The Washington Post's analysis of federal campus crime data shows almost 100 colleges and universities with at least 10 reports of rape on
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Craig, who's excited to be moving on from Bond after the upcoming release of "Spectre," was last on stage in New York in the 2013 Broadway revival of "Betrayal." the show's first season, which was filmed in New York City, was filmed in New York City, and the cast and
This piece originally appeared on Millennial. is a weekly column by the author.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... KTLA -- The Los Angeles Police Department's Animal Cruelty Task Force was investigating the discovery Saturday of a dead horse on a street near Sylmar. the horse was found in a ditch near the intersection of West and West Streets.
"House of Cards" fans were just dealt a major piece of good news.The show's second season is set to premiere on Netflix on July 1, 2017.
You don’t know her name, but you know her work., she’t worked for me.
French soldiers patrol near the Eiffel Tower in Paris., AFP PHOTO / FRANCOIS PELLETT (Photo credit should read FRANCOIS PELLETT
If athletics needs one final reason to ignore Lewis, it is that his outlook so jaundiced and reductive. the only reason he is still alive is because he has been a part of the team for so long.
THE JANE AUSTEN BOOK CLUB.The JANE AUSTEN BOOK CLUB is a small, intimate club of writers, artists, and musicians.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A man has been arrested in New Mexico for allegedly breaking into a convenience store and taking cigarettes. the man was arrested for allegedly breaking into a convenience store and taking cigarettes.
is NOT breaking up -- despite reports to the contrary -- in fact, TMZ has learned, the group still has to complete 3 more albums under their contract..The group's new album, "The Way We Were," is due out on May 2.
All 2,000 Chipotle locations will be temporarily shut down during lunchtime Monday for a company-wide meeting about food safety. the company said it will be closing all of its Chipotle locations in the coming days.
OW that's a New York System hot wiener," Jack Chiaro said, biting into a small frankfurter topped with meat sauce, which despite his pronouncement was utterly unlike anything found in New York., "I'm not sure if it's a New York System hot wiener," Jack Chiaro said, biting into a
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Ciroc The online magazine Slate recently conducted a taste test of "premium" vodkas.. The results were surprising.
The army of volunteer games makers, rightly celebrated as the heroes of the Olympics and Paralympics, are a partial vindication of the "big society" idea.The Games are a way of life for the people of the world, and the Games are a way of life for
There are many reasons people choose to have sex. is a good example of one of them.
The Philadelphia 76ers will soon add the StubHub logo to the basketball team’s jerseys in a sponsorship deal that is the first ever for a major American sports league team.The team will be the first to use the logo in a major league sports league since the NBA's logo was used
Microsoft wants to make it easier for Windows 10 users to install a clean version of the operating system on their PCs or other devices., the company says.
Score another victory for activists, sort of..The first of the two major protests in the city of San Francisco, on Saturday, was organized by the San
Clara York Bingham and David Tead Michaelis, writers in Washington, were married there yesterday..The couple's first marriage was in 1848, when they were married in the same house.
A True Story of Friendship, Tragedy, and Survival in the Alaskan Wilderness..The book is available in paperback and Kindle.
The insecurities poured out of Bruno Mars."I'm not going to be able to do this," he said.
FanDuel Inc. and DraftKings Inc. have been told to shut down in New York, in the latest blow for the daily fantasy-sports industry., and the company has been told to shut down in New York, in the latest blow for the daily fantasy-sports industry
Women with low-risk pregnancies are to be encouraged to have non-hospital births under new NHS guidelines, which could see almost half of mothers-to-be planning to deliver their baby away from traditional labour wards., The Independent has learned.
It wasn't quite Game 1 of the 1988 World Series, but Vin Scully and Dennis Eckersley found their legendary baseball paths intersecting again this week. is the first time that the two have met since the first meeting in the '90s.
Could company-sponsored breast milk mailings become the new normal for working moms? the answer is no.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders used the terrorist attacks in Paris to call for action to address climate change at a primary debate Saturday., Sanders said he would "work with the president to make sure that we have a plan that is based on science and not
1..1.
The TiVo is first and foremost a digital video recorder, offering many features that cable-company DVRs can't match.The TiVo is also a great choice for those who want to stream video to a TV or a smartphone.
Recently, I rode the Amtrak across America, visiting 12 cities coast to coast., and I was amazed at how many people were willing to pay for a ride.
For Brits that are feeling woeful about the results of the Brexit vote, the folks at Sam Adams may soon have the perfect beverage to ease their sorrows. the Sam Adams Beer Company is offering a limited edition of the Sam Adams Beer Company's Sam Adams Beer Company's Sam Adams Beer
LONDON — It’s springtime in London, but President Barack Obama might sense a chill in the air.."I'm not going to be able to go to the White House," he told reporters on Wednesday.
This is a photo of "Fort Gunnybags," headquarters of the San Francisco Vigilance Committee of 1856. is a photo of "Fort Gunnybags," headquarters of the San Francisco Vigilance Committee of 1856.
This post is in partnership with the History News Network, the website that puts the news into historical perspective. is a new series of articles that explore the history of the United States and the world.
Being able to spend your golden years lounging on the beach is a dream shared by millions of Americans. the average American spends $1,000 a year on vacation.
If you witness a crime, what’s the best way to recall what happened? the best way to remember what happened?
The White House has declined to name the Muslim celebration of Eid al-Fitr as a national holiday after more than 100,000 people called for the designation in an online petition.The White House has declined to name the Muslim celebration of Eid al-Fitr as a national holiday after more than
Adele announced a 50-plus-date North American tour last week — but so far there’s no news on a tour sponsor, leading some to wonder if she doesn’t want one."I don’t want to be a sponsor," she said.
Two trailblazing lovebirds touched down in the Big Apple last week to start a family — making them the first bald eagles to nest in the city in more than a century., the city's first bald eagles to nest in the city in more than a century.
Our first home was a commune.I was a little bit older than you, but I was a little bit older than you.
Motorola and Verizon on Tuesday unveiled their newest additions to the Droid lineup: The Android-powered Droid Turbo 2 and the Droid Maxx 2..The Droid Turbo 2 is a sleek, compact, and powerful smartphone that's packed with features that make it a
Ashley Graham slammed Amy Schumer for denying the plus size label.."I think Amy Schumer is a very, very good actress," Graham said.
© Damon Higgins/Palm Beach Post/ZUMA press Daughter of Robert and Sheila Johnson.The couple's two children, ages 5 and 6, were born in the same home.
Well played, Ms. Alamuddin, well played.,Ms.
Germany’s Transport Ministry denied a report on Friday that it was investigating Tesla Motors for updating driving assistance software without informing authorities, but said it was “clarifying technical issues” on the matter.,‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡
Mario Gabelli, Viacom’s second-largest holder of voting shares behind majority owner Sumner Redstone, believes that Chief Executive Philippe Dauman can don'thing to save his job because he cannot win his battle with the Redstone family over control of the media company.,"I think Philippe Dauman is a very good person.
Carla K. Johnson, Associated Press Philando Castile put on a suit and tie to interview for a supervisory position in the school district where he had worked since he was a teenager.. He was fired after he was found not guilty of manslaughter.
for fraud, but that isn't stopping the married couple from making their romance a priority. the couple is also looking to get married in the next couple of years.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
If big wave surf god says there's no need to worry about swimming with baby great white sharks... we guess we believe him? the shark is a big wave god.
Looking for a home on a tiny budget? to get a great deal on a home you can afford?
Rupert Murdoch, the mercurial head of 21st Century Fox FOX, is stepping down from his CEO role, according to CNBC..The move comes after Murdoch's former chief of staff, Michael O'Leary, resigned from his position as chief
DALLAS - The gunman who killed five police officers during an anti-violence protest in Dallas at a protest march had practiced military-style drills in his yard and trained at a private self-defense school that teaches special tactics, including "shooting on the move," a maneuver in which an attacker fires and changes position before firing again..The shooting occurred at about 2:30 p.
Americans are mourning today the murder of one of their finest sons, Taylor Force, a West Point graduate.,Taylor Force was a member of the U.
Chocoholic?.The first thing I noticed was that the "C" in the name of the "C" was not a
is begging the judge in his speeding case for mercy... because if you can't speed to your mom's funeral... when can you?.The judge said he was "very concerned" about the "unusual" behavior of the couple.
HE HAS A LOT OF GAUL: "Posion Friends" French drama about an intellectual bully and the college friends he pushes around.."The Last of Us" is a comedy about a group of college students who are forced to live in a
The Leadership Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions
"Meeting him was one of the great honours of my life."I was very happy to meet him.
And how?,The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a copy of the book.
A housing-industry giant that was built over the course of 70 years, Fannie Mae came crashing down in the summer of 2008.. The company was forced to sell off its assets and shut down its operations.
PARIS—French President François Hollande said Wednesday that three special forces soldiers were killed in a helicopter crash in Libya, in the first tacit acknowledgment that French troops are operating in the war-torn country..The French military said the three soldiers were killed in the crash, which occurred in the southern city of Benghazi,
John Stuart Gordon and Justin Scott Zaremby were married Saturday at the Elizabethan Club, a private literary club in New Haven., and the couple's first child, a daughter, was born on Sunday.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
The long, unwelcoming queues at the customs desks of airports may soon be a thing of the past, if the trial of a new app in the United States is successful.The app, called "Airport Express," will allow travelers to book flights from the United States to destinations in Europe
Mexico once turned a blind eye toward migration., the U.
Smart meters – which record, monitor and adjust your energy or water use according to price and demand – are coming to Birtish households over the coming years., and the company is also working on a new smart meter that will be available in the coming months.
Now that Joan Rivers has passed away, you probably won’t be reading much from all the people who called her a bitch., but you'll be seeing her in a lot more ways than just her name.
An upbeat forecast sparked a sharp rally in Tesla shares after the market’s close Wednesday.The stock closed up 1.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's recent attack on a federal judge presiding over fraud lawsuits against Trump University ignited a firestorm of controversy..The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Washington, D.
Events that are critical to Turkey's recent political history took place in the coup attempt of July 15..The coup attempt was launched by the Turkish government, which was led by Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who had been elected
MONROEVILLE, Pa. -- They say the mall is dead, but for one night each fall, the mall here is decidedly undead..The mall is a ghost town, a ghost town, a ghost town.
Not all new cars will do badly out of the changes to the car tax rates that are going to be instated in 2017. the car tax rate is going to be raised from 35% to 40% and the car tax rate will be raised from 35
Netflix’s Gilmore Girls revival will be called Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life, actress Lauren Graham said Thursday in a segment on The Ellen DeGeneres Show that was later posted to Deadline., "I think it's going to be a very different show than the one we've been doing for a long time,"
Dave Ramsey knows how to capture your attention., he's a great guy.
I was born in the midst of the Great Depression, when no one could imagine the revolutionary technological advances that we now take for granted.. I was born in the midst of the Great Depression, when no one could imagine the revolutionary technological advances that we now take
Matthew Lodge's New York rampage victims will back the disgraced prop if he signs with the Brisbane Broncos or any other NRL club, but only if he takes responsibility for the harrowing night that turned their lives upside down.,"I'm not going to be a part of that," he said.
RÍO DE JANEIRO — El ministro de Transparencia, Fiscalización y Control del gobierno de Michel Temer, presidente interino de Brasil, renunció este lunes después de que se hiciera pública una grabación en la que aparece tratando de obstaculizar la investigación sobre la trama de corrupción que gira alrededor de Petrobras, la empresa estatal de petróleo.."I am very happy to announce that the government of Brazil has approved the construction of a new airport in the
Russian property mogul Vladislav Doronin flew to Milan earlier this year to wrap up his deal with Italian fashion house Missoni., which is owned by the Russian billionaire.
A celebration of Jonathan Miller’s phenomenal contribution to ENO..The event is open to all ages.
Her CDU party’s Bavarian affiliate, the CSU, last year threatened to pull its ministers out of her cabinet unless she reversed her policies., and she has since been forced to resign.
Field Force Liaison Manager, Aflac At the Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta Aflac Cancer Center, children walk the halls wearing stacks of beaded necklaces..The first of three surgeries to treat the disease, which is spread by the virus, will take place in Atlanta
Sad that you missed out on free donuts during National Donut Day last month?, you can now order them at the store.
The menopause is a natural part of every woman’s life, but each experience is different.The menopause is a natural part of every woman's life, but each experience is different.
Paintings are fixed, yet aspire to movement; music is forever moving, yet aspires to artistic objectivity..The artist is not a mere spectator, but a spectator of the world.
Photographs capture the faces of ardent supporters of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who hijacked the opening moments of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia Monday.. (Photo: AP)The Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia was a big success for Sanders, who has been a
At least 84 people were killed Thursday night when a truck careened through crowds of people celebrating Bastille Day in the southern French city of Nice. the Associated Press reported.
When a politician takes a poke at the modern media, as Liam Fox did in his personal resignation statement to MPs, there's always a danger that journalists immediately focus on the affront to their dignity and motives. the media is a powerful tool for the state to manipulate the public.
There’s a simple reason for this: The scale doesn’t show up in most published recipes. is a simple reason for this: The scale doesn’t show up in most published recipes.
Apple’s demands and negotiating tactics have prevented the company from striking deals with media giants for its rumored streaming TV service, The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday., citing unnamed sources.
In the Tibetan regions ruled by China, one religious institute stands out — Larung Gar, in the county of Sertar. the Tibetan government has been trying to establish a Tibetan-style monastery for the past two decades.
Thato Kgatlhanye ni mwanamke mjasiriamari kutoka Afrika Kusini ambaye kampuni yake hutengeneza mikoba maalum ya wanafunzi ya kubebea vitabu. is it ok if I don't have a job?
(DES MOINES, Iowa) — Powerball officials say one ticket sold in New Hampshire matches all six numbers in the Powerball drawing worth $487 million.The Powerball team is the first team to win a Powerball game in the state since the first game in the
NASHVILLE — The whole idea of following the path already traveled by his brother only goes so far with Jordan Rodgers.."I'm not going to be a guy who's going to go out there and do it," Jordan said
MASUTOMI, Japan -- Kenji Oshima lost his job in February at a seat-belt factory..He was fired after a video surfaced of him being pulled over for speeding.
This piece originally appeared on Time.com. is reprinted with permission.
Shave Club syndrome could hamper Procter & Gamble’s makeover..The company's CEO, John Stumpf, said in a statement that the company is "deeply saddened
A truckie who allegedly drenched cyclists with water and filmed them using his mobile phone has been charged by police..The man, who is from the south of England, was arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and
The Right Reverend John Taylor, who has died aged 87, became Bishop of St Albans in 1980 and Lord High Almoner to the Queen in 1988.He was also a member of the Royal Society of the Holy See, the Royal Society of the Arts and the Royal
Oil giant BP has detailed plans to drill in the Great Australian Bight within a commonwealth marine reserve., the company said.
The taxman, always keen to spot an opportunity, looked into these sums paid to investors and ruled that they were "annual payments", and should therefore be taxed as income.The taxman, who was also a member of the House of Lords, said: "I am not sure that
A stunning, newly released photo snapped by a camera on NASA’s Curiosity Mars rover has captured the red planet’s rugged terrain..The image, taken by the rover's Mastcam camera, shows the red planet's rugged terrain, which is
"Over the years I battled drug addiction and bulimia."I was a very good athlete, but I was also a very bad athlete.
When the legal battle surrounding Sumner Redstone had its last substantive turn in court, the media mogul’s longtime companion was arguing he was mentally incompetent when he evicted her and removed her as his health-care proxy. the court ruled that the former employee was not entitled to a fair trial.
Netflix Inc. said it would expand into four additional Asian markets, following its entry plans into Japan earlier this month., which is expected to be the first of its kind in the world.
A new lawsuit alleges that the FBI intentionally conducts inadequate searches of its records using a decades-old computer system when queried by citizens looking for records that should be available to the public..The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Washington, D.
He said the dead included the baby boy's father and seven of his uncles. is the first time the family has been identified.
A South Sudanese army general has been killed in fighting outside the rebel-held town of Bor..The army said the general, who was killed in the fighting, was killed in a firefight with rebels.
A large horseshoe-shaped cove flanked by steep limestone cliffs.. The cove is a large, open-air, open-air swimming pool.
Handi Restaurant, opposite the GPO, does the best and most authentic laal maas you can find in a normal street setting, as opposed to a hotel..The restaurant is located in the heart of the city centre, and is a great place to get a drink and
A towering stone pillar emerged in my headlamp like a petrified cake dripping icing.."I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
During the Democratic National Convention, the Republican Party shared a popular meme to Twitter: a two-frame comic of a dog sitting at a table with a cup of coffee. the meme was retweeted more than 1,000 times.
The Ache: Getting a child to sit still with a thermometer under the tongue is no easy matter.The Ache: The Ache is a small, portable, and easy to use device that can be used to
A veteran jurist has delivered a grim verdict on the rule of law in Hong Kong..The ruling comes after a series of high-profile cases involving the rule of law in Hong Kong, including the
Amazon Inc. announced a thinner, lighter entry-level Kindle e-reader on Wednesday..The e-reader, which is expected to be available in the U.
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. posted another double-digit revenue surge as sales for its key eye-disease treatment grew, but higher expenses weighed on the company’s profit growth..The company's stock rose 1.
That scenario is “clearly not sustainable,” the forecasters concluded. is that the economy will continue to grow at a rate of 2.
Mr Chamisa said MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai was under increasing pressure from his own supporters to boycott the poll.."I think it's a very important poll because it shows that the government is not going to be able to
The aircraft hit a snowplough as it took off shortly after midnight and crashed - killing all on board - as it attempted to return for an emergency landing.The plane was carrying a crew of four, including a pilot, who was on the ground when the crash happened.
When President Obama delivered public remarks last week in response to the mass-shooting in Oregon, he touched on an under-appreciated angle to the debate over gun violence. the president said that the "gun lobby" is "a bunch of people who want to kill people.""They
A PEN is a pen, you'd think..The pen is a pen, you'd think.
Your game will start after this ad You must sign in to play this game.The game will start when you log in.
Aaron Burnett and his partner Robyn Allison., and the couple's daughter, Sarah, was born on July 1, 2013.
DOES preschool work?.The answer is yes, but it's not always easy to get the job done.
President Obama addressed the International Olympic Committee in Copenhagen Friday., "We are not going to let this happen again," he said.
Brazil's senate has voted to indict President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial in an impeachment process that has stalled Brazilian politics since January., the Brazilian news agency ANSA reported.
The other misconception the Nevilles find themselves up against is that the prospects for most premature babies are so poor that it would be kinder to leave them to die."We're not going to be able to do that," said the mother, who asked not to be named.
The Princess Royal and her husband, Vice Adml Sir Timothy Laurence, have new reason to celebrate after seeing Zara Phillips win a silver Olympic medal as a member of the Great Britain Eventing Team.The Queen and her husband, Sir Timothy Laurence, have been awarded the gold medal in the women's 100m
And, after an uncharacteristically slow start, Gosling rallied, notching up three consecutive wins on corrected time to finish the day in first place in the IRC Class 3., and then, in the final, the first of three consecutive wins on corrected time to finish the day in second place in
Republican party nominee Donald Trump has said that he would slash taxes, block onerous financial regulations and unleash the energy sector as he pledged to "jump start America" with a new economic plan if elected United States president., he has said that he would slash taxes, block onerous financial regulations and unleash the energy sector as he pledged to "
A new study finds that the wealth gap between races in the United States is more pronounced than many thought, and it warns that if we continue on our current track, it could take literally centuries for some people to catch up—if they catch up at all..The study, published in the journal Social Science & Medicine, found that the wealth gap between blacks and whites is
The story of a potentially revolutionary game that sparked fans' imagination, skepticism, and anger all at once.The game was released on the PlayStation 4 in Japan on March 24, 2014.
BAGHDAD — A fire ripped through a maternity ward at a Baghdad hospital overnight, killing 12 newborn babies, government officials said Wednesday, a deadly blaze that was likely caused by faulty electrical wiring..The fire, which started at about 8:30 a.
More than 70 influential Republicans have signed a letter urging the party to stop spending money on Donald Trump's presidential campaign and direct it instead to November's congressional races.The letter, signed by more than 100 Republican lawmakers, said the party should focus on the 2018 midterm elections and not
Ties are supposed to suck..The only way to get rid of them is to get rid of the "bad guys."The bad
Eerie sounds.."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it," he says.
Record flooding in parts of Louisiana killed at least two people as a slow-moving storm dumped rain across the Gulf States, authorities said on Saturday..The storm, which was expected to bring heavy rain and heavy snow, was expected to bring heavy rain and snow
52 Weeks of Chic: August 12 To find out all the details about this outfit on Glam Latte, click here!.The first thing you'll notice is that the dress is a little more formal than the other two.
A man has been charged after his car allegedly smashed into a pole and oncoming traffic in Melbourne's east, injuring three people..The man, who was not named, was taken to hospital with minor injuries.
After its classic outlet on rue St-Honoré, Hermès' Left Bank store is much more spectacular, installed in the art deco former swimming pool of the Lutétia. the store is located in the heart of the city, and is a great place to get a drink or a snack.
It seems that the move may not have only ended Google’s presence in China, but also Schmidt’s tenure. is a move that may have ended Google’s presence in China, but also Schmidt’s tenure.
Edward Pennings, a former State Street Corp. executive in the company’s London office, on Monday pleaded not guilty to securities fraud charges in federal court in Boston., a former State Street Corp.
SHIMON OVADIA WAS on vacation, but he couldn’t turn his work brain off.."I was just trying to get my head around it," he said.
Chaffee yelled: "We've got a bad fire!. We've got a bad fire!"The fire was extinguished by the time the firefighters arrived.
THE victim told Gail Daniels-Ekarte she was in danger but the call was ended after five minutes A POLICE call handler has been sacked after she terminated a 999 call from a woman who it later emerged had been raped.The woman, who was not named, said she was called to the scene of a rape at around 2.
Clayton SwisherÂ is a Doha-based reporter and Director of Investigative Journalism for Al Jazeera Media Network.. He is the author of The New York Times Bestseller, The New York Times Bestseller, and The New York Times
In la tartamo Olimbiga ayaa adag- laakiin ka fikir adigoo qabo caadada inaad tartantid. the same is true of the other two.
How much money is your stuff worth? to be honest, I don't know.
NSW Family and Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard has been grilled in parliament over the government's handling of the alleged rape of a teenage girl at a NSW foster care refuge centre..The minister said the allegations against the woman were "completely false" and "completely untrue"."I
The Northern Territory election is about what the Country Liberals government has delivered, not personality issues, the deputy chief minister says."I think it's a very important election for the Northern Territory and I think it's a very important election for
KEY PRIORITY BILLS FOR THE SPRING SESSION OF FEDERAL PARLIAMENT * Laws to set up the national vote on same-sex marriage.. * The National Marriage Protection Act of 1993.
Clive Palmer says he'll try to track down his elusive nephew, Queensland Nickel sole director Clive Mensink, before his own Federal Court grilling continues next week.."I'm not going to be able to do that," Palmer says.
The Department of Veterans Affairs has formed a support team for current and ex-defence personnel who were treated with the controversial anti-malarial drug mefloquine.The team will be led by Dr.
Queenslanders are being warned organised criminals may soon be targeting their cars as government funding for a national initiative wanes..The government has been under pressure to cut spending on roads and bridges, but the government has been unable to cut
A robot has reportedly been detained by Russian police at a political rally in Moscow..The robot, which was reportedly used to help the protesters, was reportedly used to help the protesters, who were
Homicide detectives are working to gather evidence after a man's body was found by a passer-by in a car park in Melbourne's east..The man, who was not identified, was found in a car park in the city's east on Saturday night
A rehabilitation program for domestic violence offenders in South Australia, that teaches them how to have loving and safe relationships, will be expanded.."We are also looking at the possibility of a new program for domestic violence offenders in the state of Victoria,
The fedora, the bomber jacket and the consuming quest invite comparisons to Indiana Jones.The first time I saw the movie, I was in the theater and saw the movie.
The German government denies it's working on a rescue of Deutsche Bank as Germany's biggest lender boosted its balance sheet by selling its British insurance business on Wednesday.The German government said it was working on a rescue of Deutsche Bank as Germany's biggest lender boosted its balance sheet by
Barack Obama pays tribute to Israeli elder statesman Shimon Peres at his funeral in Jerusalem.. (Photo: AP)WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama paid tribute to Israeli elder statesman Shimon Peres at
FORTUNE — Jack Dorsey’s startup, Square, gets a lot of attention from the media..But Dorsey's company, Square, is not just a startup.
Controversial jockey Danny Nikolic will try to regain his racing licence after successfully challenging a police order banning him from Victorian racecourses..The former Melbourne Racing Club captain, who was suspended from the Melbourne Racing Club for six months last year, was
The United Kingdom Independence Party has launched an investigation into a fight between two members that left a party figurehead hospitalised.The party's leader, Nigel Farage, said the incident was "a disgrace" and said he would be "very
The developers at Framingham-based video game maker Disruptor Beam must watch a lot of television."We're not going to be able to do that," said Mark Karp, Disruptor Beam's chief
Haiti has started burying some of its dead in mass graves in the wake of Hurricane Matthew, as cholera spreads in the devastated southwest and the death toll climbs to 1000 people..The government has also been forced to close some of its schools and hospitals, as well as the main roads in
Activists and rescue workers say an intensive day of bombing on besieged rebel-held parts of Aleppo has left at least 25 people dead, including five children..The UN says at least 10 civilians have been killed in the fighting, including at least three children.
A man has been arrested after a Darwin bank teller was stabbed in the neck..The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with a serious stab wound to the neck.
A suicide driver has detonated a car packed with explosives at a security check-point south of Baghdad, killing 10 people and wounding 25..The attack comes as the Iraqi army and police are battling a Sunni insurgency that has killed more than a million people
A body has been found in parkland adjacent to Mahoneys Road in Fawkner, Victoria..Police said the body was found in the parkland on the south side of the road.
Labor frontbencher Anthony Albanese has distanced himself from the woman selected to replace former minister Stephen Conroy in the Senate.."I am not going to comment on the selection of Ms Conroy," he said.
Two bills now sit before the South Australian parliament seeking to introduce voluntary euthanasia after a day of political manoeuvring to keep hopes for the new laws alive., the South Australian government has been accused of trying to "steal" the legislation.
Warriena Wright's grieving mother blasted the media and the judge in Gable Tostee's murder trial for releasing the audio of her daughter's death to the public.."I'm not going to let this happen to my daughter," Wright said.
A former Northern Territory ministerial staffer on trial for corruptly receiving kickbacks has been painted as a "courageous, honest man" by his defence team..The former Northern Territory minister, who was also a former deputy prime minister, was convicted of bribery and fraud in
Malcolm Turnbull's plan for NSW Liberal Party reform has carried the day as the party faithful voted down Tony Abbott's push for an immediate change to preselection rules..The party's leader, Malcolm Turnbull, said the party would not be changing its policy on preselection.
South Australian Premier Jay Weatherill has faced backlash from anti-nuclear protesters.."I think it's a very important issue for the Australian people," Weatherill said.
Malcolm Turnbull says the referral of two senators to the High Court over their eligibility to be elected doesn't amount to "chaos" in the Senate.. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen"It's not a chaos, it's a chaos that's going on
Far from being hounded out of office, Victorian Corrections Minister Steve Herbert quit - with his tail between his legs., and the Liberal Party's leader, Bill Shorten, was forced to resign.
A man has been arrested after being spotted taking wheels off cars at a car yard in Adelaide but his accomplice is on the run..The man, who has not been named, was arrested after a man was spotted taking wheels off cars at a
Cases against the eligibility of two senators will go to the highest court in the country as parliament returns for the final sitting fortnight of 2016..The Senate will be held on Tuesday, May 7, at the Supreme Court in New Delhi.
A flurry of action is coming to Jacob’s Pillow next season..The former New York Jets quarterback is set to be the first quarterback to play in the NFL this season.
A prisoner is in a critical condition after being brutally bashed at a maximum security prison in Melbourne.. Photo: SuppliedThe man was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
WHEREVER you are right now, there’s a very good chance the weather is much nicer in San Diego.The weather is pretty good, and the weather is pretty good.
In an illustration of the unusual laws governing the alcohol industry, state regulators said Monday that Massachusetts beer importing company Shelton Brothers must resume sales to its former distributor, even though the importer no longer wants to do business with the company. the state's Alcoholic Beverage Control Commission said in a statement that the company is "not in compliance with the state's
Northern Arizona's hopes to remain relevant in the Big Sky Conference race could hinge on Saturday's game with Montana State in Bozeman, Mont., where the Wildcats will face the Wildcats in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.
A fly-in fly-out Perth worker who raped a drunk woman at his home and got her pregnant has lost an appeal against his sentence..The woman, who was not named, was found guilty of rape and sexual assault in March last year.
Dylan Voller has been waiting for his chance to be heard.."I'm not going to be a part of this," Voller said.
UFC president Dana White has a long history of speaking out against former Bellator MMA founder and CEO Bjorn Rebney, and it seems nothing much has changed..The UFC president, who has been a vocal critic of Rebney's business practices, has been in the news
Darkness has fallen over the galaxy far, far away., and the galaxy is now a wasteland.
Two days before Christmas in 2014, Jay Tikaram called triple-zero saying: "I smashed this guy, you'd better get here quick cause I'll kill him"., and then he was arrested for assault.
Wisconsin ranks 40th in the nation for job growth, or so says a recent Bureau of Labor Statistics report., but it's not just the number of jobs that's up.
Aussie music icon Diesel will play old favourites in the tropics this New Year's Eve with a free concert in Darwin..The event will be held at the Royal Botanic Gardens in Darwin, with a free concert in Darwin on the
An island paradise: white beaches and palm trees, glittering water, bare-chested fishermen, children eating breadfruit.The island is a popular destination for tourists, but it's also a place where the government has been trying to make
Members of the Writers Guild of America, East expanded their protest of the New York producing company behind the reality TV series “Pawn Stars” by setting up a picket line in Los Angeles on Thursday, intensifying an already heated dispute with one of the industry’s most prominent producers of unscripted TV. of the show.
The federal government is reforming the way banks market their debit and prepaid cards to college students.The new rules, which were announced on Tuesday, will allow banks to offer prepaid cards to students who have already enrolled
The 1960s anthem plays in the background of the ad as a 20-something chef-in-training speeds away from her tyrannical boss in her new Toyota.The ad, which was shot in the background of a commercial for a new restaurant in the city, is a tribute
NEW YORK - Lincoln drew audible gasps from a crowd of several hundred when it unveiled its vision for the future of the Navigator full-size SUV at a private event earlier this week ahead of the New York International Auto Show.The Navigator is a new SUV designed to be a "new car" for the company, which has been in
Can you bring that pumpkin pie to your family in a carry-on bag when you fly home for the holidays?I'm not sure if I can bring it to my family, but I can bring it to my friends.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
From the world's second-largest soda company reporting what should be a quarter that will be more flat than fizzy to a popular video chat platform updating its software, here are some of the things that will help shape the week that lies ahead on Wall Street. the first is the fact that the company is now in the midst of a massive restructuring, with the company's stock price down
I RECENTLY did some research for a satirical novel set at a university.. I was told that the book was about a young girl who is a student at a university.
When an otherwise healthy young athlete suddenly dies during a game or a practice session, the cause is usually a heart problem, often a genetic abnormality. the cause is usually a genetic abnormality.
BY LLOYD GROVE WITH HUDSON MORGAN Wednesday, March 16th 2005, 6:48AM Does Court TV reporter Diane Dimond owe Tom Sneddon big time?, the former New York Times reporter who was fired by the company for reporting on the company's alleged sexual harassment of women,
By PASCALE LE DRAOULEC DAILY NEWS RESTAURANT CRITIC Friday, October 10th 2003, 7:40AM NAR, 152 Metropolitan Ave., Williamsburg, Brooklyn, (718) 599-3027. the following is a list of the local newspapers and magazines that have been published in the past few days.
Wednesday, September 18th 1996, 2:00AM WILLIAM GIBSON IS THE Raymond Chandler of the digital age, noir master of the Web., noir master of the Web.
Sunday, July 27th 1997, 2:02AM The Bronx grandmother heard what sounded like a dog screaming and she didn't think twice., she said.
Thursday, July 18th 1996, 2:00AM TODAY Cicih Sukaesih of Indonesia will stand at the massive new Niketown store on 57th St. and Madison Ave. to report that Nike all but starves Indonesians to make its expensive sneakers., the Associated Press reports.
BY BEN WIDDICOMBE Additional reporting by Laura Schreffler Saturday, August 12th 2006, 1:11AM Beautiful Jessica Biel (r.) turned heads with a night out at the Lotus nightclub on Thursday., August 12th 2006, 1:11AM Beautiful Jessica Biel (r.) turned heads with a night out at the
Monday, August 4th 1997, 2:03AM INTENSITY., THE.
Sunday, December 4th 2005, 1:25AM The borscht recipe that Alexa Fogel makes for special occasions has a long history., and it's been around for over 100 years.
Troubled clothier Talbots Inc. is slashing another 100 jobs at its Hingham headquarters, abruptly suspending its national advertising campaign, and reportedly looking for new leadership after years of a failed turnaround..The company's chief executive, John H.
Is Europe closer to solving its debt mess? the EU is not a country that can afford to pay its debts.
M. Peter Thomson has been in the packaged food industry for decades, first with private-label gravies, sauces, and salsas, and now with homemade-style soups.. He's also a member of the American Association of Certified Cicerones, a group that promotes the use of fresh ingredients
no.. you're thinking of credit card companies.. i specifically said politicians.. i mean, you're thinking of banks.
SIXTY STORIES By Donald Bar thelme..The first of the three books in the series, The Last of Us, is a collection of stories about the
Plugins are great.I'm not sure if I'm going to use them in the future, but I'm sure they'll be useful
This series is supported by Rackspace, the better way to do hosting. is a great way to get started with Rackspace.
This post originally appeared on the American Express OPEN Forum, where Mashable regularly contributes articles about leveraging social media and technology in small business. is a member of the Open Forum.
Value is often characterized as the investing approach that's prudent while growth tends to be seen as a pursuit of what's hot and what's trendy..The key to this approach is to focus on the fundamentals of the business, rather than the fundamentals of the business
Individuals who have racked up excessive debt are sometimes left to ponder whether it makes sense to file for bankruptcy., but it's not always so.
Vanessa Paradis attended the Paris premiere of her new film,, on Monday, marking her first official public appearance since PEOPLE's report that she and longtime partner The actress, 39, breezed past photographers on the red carpet, pausing only once to pose with Marin Gerrier – the young actor who plays her son in the movie – and the film's director, Jean-Marc Vallée., who also stars in the film.
Apple has just made the new MobileMe Calendar interface and featureset available to all MobileMe members., it's a great way to get started with the new features and features of the new MobileMe Calendar.
A new run on Apple ( ) stock has driven up the price to nearly $500 a share, and its market value past $450 billion..The stock has been trading at $1.
FRANKFURT - Few would begrudge Mario Draghi his boast last week that he and the European Central Bank had prevented a disastrous credit crisis by showering banks with cheap loans in December..But the ECB's decision to cut interest rates on its own credit cards and to cut interest rates on its own
I hearted this, but not because I think that pedophilia is gay sex (I don't think that's what the original poster meant exactly).. I think that pedophilia is a form of sexual abuse, and that it's a form of sexual abuse that is not
ohn Peel, a BBC radio disc jockey who was a champion of innovative and independent music for nearly four decades, died on Monday night in Cuzco, Peru., his wife, Maria, said in a statement.
Kevin Bacon doesn't have any projects lined up at the moment., but he's been working on a few projects.
Special Dispatches to the New-York Times.The New York Times is a daily newspaper in New York City.
Forget steroids, Kermit's friends are being used as the latest performance enhancing drug in sports. the latest sports drug in sports.
Heidi Klum I May SUE Over New Topless Pics is really upset over brand new topless photos that have been published in a French magazine... claiming her privacy was violated a la... and now she's seriously considering filing a lawsuit. is really upset over brand new topless photos that have been published in a French magazine... claiming her privacy was violated a la
ne by one, they emerged from the Bliss Street subway station in Sunnyside, Queens, on Thursday afternoon, nervously eyeing the idling yellow school buses that were waiting to ferry them to an assembly plant., the New York Times reported.
For a dog, spending time in a kennel can be a life-altering experience. the dog's owner may be able to help you with your dog's needs, but you may not be able to help your
The state unemployment rate rose for the fourth consecutive month in October as the Massachusetts economy grew too slowly to absorb an influx of workers seeking jobs.The state's unemployment rate is the highest since the Great Recession, when it was at 7.
Each mayor of San Francisco receives a letter from Elaine Badgley Arnoux with an invitation to sit for a portrait. of the mayor.
San Francisco should not give up on the effort to keep the 49ers, even as the new team marches forward with plans for a Santa Clara stadium.."We're going to have to make sure we're not going to let the 49ers get away with this
Ask Mikhail Stein to explain the difference between Brighton Beach today and say, 10 years ago, and he points to a small booth near the door of Surprise, the art gallery-bookstore-coffee shop he and partner Mikhail Timanovsky opened two months ago on the neighborhood's main drag., "I think it's a little bit like a museum," he says.
It looks like an enormous cubist bug, heaving itself out of the water of Boston Harbor. is a great example of how to make a great game of it.
Sometimes, just sometimes, car manufacturers put down their Spreadsheet of Global Domination, quiet their thirst for business catchphrases like âmarket penetrationâ and have a little playtime at work., and then they go back to the drawing board and start to build their own business.
From the street, this house is a pleasing, rambling Cape with a long farmer’s porch and a smattering of dormers. the house is a pleasant, quiet place, with a few small shops and a few restaurants.
A: When you’ve cleared your schedule and flown out to a conference only to discover that many of the other attendees are bailing out of the event, it’s logical to feel duped..Q: I've been to a conference and I've seen a lot of people who are bailing out of
And we're going to begin here with the explosive testimony from some famous parents this week., and we're going to begin here with the explosive testimony from some famous parents this week.
As the fridges, beer barrels, car chassis, front doors, statues, even dogs rushed down the coffee-brown Vltava river, it felt as if Prague - long since dubbed eastern Europe's Hollywood - had been turned once again into a film set for the latest blockbuster. the film, which is based on the novel by the same name, is set in the city of Prague, and is set
Neither a voyeur nor a narcissist... Nan Goldin in her Paris home. the man who has been the subject of a series of sexual assaults.
Charles Moore's portrayal of police dogs attacking protesters in Birmingham, Alabama, in 1963 Photograph: Charles Moore/Black Star / eyevine The American photographer Charles Moore, who has died aged 79, not only recorded history; he helped to change it., was a prolific photographer who was also a member of the Black Star Society.
Berlin's monument to unification can hold up to 1,400 people..The city's mayor, Martin Schulz, said the monument was a "historic moment" for Berlin.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei outside his studio in Beijing after his release on bail in June 2011., and the artist's lawyer, Li Zhiyuan, said the case was "a huge success" for the artist
A Christie's employee poses beside a painting in the When Britain went Pop!.The Christie's employee poses beside a painting in the When Britain went Pop!
Clarisse D'Arcimoles's best shot..The first thing I noticed was that the ball was moving in the right direction.
Until recently, the Roundhouse was in worse shape than most of the rock stars who made it famous. the band's first album, "The Way I Am," was released in 1992.
That is, it doesn’t have any meetings that are regularly scheduled. is a very important part of the game.
Van Dyck's last self-portrait goes on sale at Sotheby's on 9 December., and you can pre-order it here.
The Fright 1968, by John Bellany.The Fright 1968, by John Bellany.
John Constable's Salisbury Cathedral from the Water Meadows is unveiled at Tate Britain., which is the world's largest museum of medieval and Renaissance art.
1..1.
Forget "The Matrix Revolutions" and "Elf. " the first two are the most important parts of the book.
Colin Kaepernick was drafted to be the 49ers' quarterback of the future Friday..Kaepernick, who was drafted by the 49ers in the second round in 2012, has been a free agent
Oklahoma is about to coronate one of the most comprehensive statewide school-based financial education programs in the country..The Oklahoma Department of Education is launching a new program called "The Oklahoma School-Based Financial Education Program," which
When I draw something out there in the world - a table, a person, a tree - it is as if I am touching it. the world is my own.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Lorna J. Sass's latest cookbook, ''Christmas Feasts,'' will be published thi s month by Irena Chalmers Cookbooks and the MetropolitanMuseum of Art.The book is available for pre-order at the Irena Chalmers Cookbooks website.
No one should be afraid to admit it: The gym can be an intimidating space, especially if you're new to working out..The gym is a great place to start if you're looking for a new way to get into the gym.
When athletes, gym rats and beginners alike ask how they can improve, they usually ask about the workout. the answer is that they can.
More than six million people signed up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act since Oct. 1, President Obama announced in conference call with volunteers and workers Thursday.The Affordable Care Act, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2010, has been a major source of
The NFL granted the upcoming Draft Day more access than just about any other movie in recent memory.The NFL has been working on a new draft-day schedule for the past few years, and the NFL has been
Tuesday night on All In with Chris Hayes: over the holiday weekend, President Obama announced he will wait to take military action against Syria until Congress votes to authorize a strike., over the holiday weekend, President Obama announced he will wait to take military action against Syria until Congress votes to authorize a strike
This essay was first published in LIFE D-Day: Remembering the Battle that Won the War–70 Years Later. is available online at http://www.
Transplanting stage works to the screen is never easy — or often very successful..The first stage of the process is to make sure that the cells are healthy and healthy.
Jim Goldberg - part of a photo from Democratic Republic of Congo..The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) is a former Soviet republic that was part of the former Soviet Union
SANTA BARBARA, Calif. — Modern computers are not unlike the looms of the industrial revolution: They follow programmed instructions to weave intricate patterns.But the machines are not just for the job.
1..1.
When Stella Mandehou goes on vacation, she likes to prepare for it weeks in advance. the first time she goes to the beach, she is so excited.
updated 07/23/2014 at 03:25 PM EDT is making no apologies for her figure these days., she's a very good model, and she's a great model.
Last year’s top iPad app could be a force in online content for years to come By John Patrick Pullen, contributor For Mike McCue, 2010 was a very good year., but it was also a year that saw the iPad's popularity skyrocket.
Underwear bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab smuggled explosives on a Northwest Airlines flight on Christmas Day in 2009. the FBI said the bomber was a member of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and was carrying a
criticized the light response to Rice's actions, asking how the league could justify "a two-game penalty for a running back going all Flintstone on his wife."."I think it's a very, very serious issue," said the NFLPA's general counsel, who added
FORTUNE—I can’t figure out what Weng Ian is doing.. I can't figure out what he's doing.
If Apple AAPL is the elephant in the room this week in Barcelona, dominating the cellphone industry’s annual showcase without having to show up (see here), Microsoft MSFT is the 800 pound gorilla — throwing its weight around and scaring all manufacturers. the company is the one that has the most to lose.
Deere said weaker agricultural commodity prices have put pressure on the sale of farm equipment, leading the manufacturer to scale back production.-"We are seeing a lot of activity in the market, and we are seeing a lot of activity in the
As tensions rise in Ukraine, world markets are falling Friday afternoon, putting the brakes on what had been a week of moderate recovery. the International Monetary Fund said it expects the economy to grow at a 2.
It's no secret that Tinder, the mobile dating app, is quite popular among pro athletes. is a popular app that is popular among pro athletes.
FORTUNE — Oh, what could have been..The first thing that came to mind was the fact that the company's CEO, Steve Ballmer, had been
The Guardian's Brand Partnerships team work with you to create tailored marketing solutions to help you achieve you communication objectives in an innovative way.We're committed to delivering the best possible experience for you.
Alibaba quietly released its second-quarter earnings Wednesday, and the results are anything but reserved..The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its stock has fallen more than
Past winner of a Boston Music Award for best live act of the year, Rubblebucket maintained its momentum this summer with a dynamic set at the Levitate Music Festival in Marshfield., which featured a mix of live music, dance, and dance music.
Amazon.com announced Chief Financial Officer Thomas Szkutak will retire from the company in June, and will be succeeded by another long-serving insider from the online retailer’s financial team..Szkutak, who was named CEO of the company in May, will be replaced by a new
Last March, Turkish Airlines became the first international carrier in 20 years to fly to Somalia., and the first to fly to Somalia.
There are a lucky few who can collect seven-figure salaries for doing little work. is a good example of this.
FORTUNE — This week’s Google I/O conference in San Francisco was disappointingly light on Android news..The company's Android team announced that it had been unable to get Android 5.
Andreessen Horowitz is buying into the growing market for bitcoins., which is a digital currency that is used to buy and sell goods and services.
Surfwear shop owner Martin O'Neill whistled as he hauled up his shutters under the blue skies of Brighton last Saturday morning.."I'm not going to be in the shop for a while," he said.
Jay Z and Katie Holmes 09/10/2014 AT 07:00 AM EDT together, and what do you get?, and what do you get?
Liverpool BiennialVarious venues, to 28 November There is always one piece in the Liverpool Biennial that grabs the media attention., but it is not always the case.
With her milk-white skin and helmet of sheeny black hair, Clare Shenstone looks very much a Chelsea girl of the Seventies. the only thing that makes her stand out is her hair.
Also: Softbank to buy Sprint Nextel for about $20 billion; 13-inch MacBook Pro may be unveiled later this month.,The company is also looking to buy a stake in a major telecom company, according to a report by Bloomberg.
09/24/2014 AT 04:00 PM EDT fans if they have been singing "My Life Would Suck Without You" lately..http://www.
No one is quite sure what to expect when the College Football Playoff selection committee makes its selections for this year's inaugural four-team tournament..The committee will be comprised of four members, including the head coach, the head coach's assistant, the head
While gay-rights advocates indisputably won decisive victories in each of the two blockbuster cases decided by the U.S. Supreme Court last week, one on the merits and the other via a backdoor, procedural ruling, one key question still remains. the Supreme Court's decision to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act, which bans same-sex marriage, is a major victory
NFL Network analyst Deion Sanders said Sunday night that the 49ers no longer want to play for Jim Harbaugh., and that the team is "not going to play for Jim Harbaugh.""I think it's a little bit
An invitation arrived in the post."I'm not going to be able to do this," he said.
Those who don't ask, don't get, Ingrid Mössinger was brought up to believe. of the world.
FORTUNE – Dear Annie: I read your column about finding a job in a different industry, but I’m looking for a new position in the same business I’m in now, and I have two main concerns.. First, I have a lot of experience in the business of finding a job in a different industry.
Activist investor Starboard Value LP won all 12 seats of the restaurant company’s board of directors on Friday, winning shareholder support after arguing the Olive Garden chain was poorly run..The board of directors voted unanimously to approve the $1.
The wife of a former Australian resident found with his throat slit in Bali has allegedly confessed to ordering his murder after he cheated on her.The woman, who was living in the country for a year, told police she was raped by her husband in the
Fortune contributor Brent Schlender shares some of the stories and personal photographs he collected during more than two decades as Steve Jobs’ chronicler and confidant..The first time Steve Jobs was interviewed by the New York Times, he was in a room with a group of
Private equity could remain hobbled by its boom-time gluttony., but it could also be a boon for the economy.
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
By Stephen Gandel and Dan Primack Ben Bernanke makes a rare Wall Street appearance. the Wall Street JournalThe Fed's latest report on the economy is a reminder that the Fed's latest report on the
One World Trade Center in New York. of the World Trade Center.
FORTUNE — Dell is headed down a well-traveled path..The company is looking to expand its U.
Pilot tests of new merchandising concepts or new product designs are standard fare for most successful retailers and consumer goods companies..The new merchandising concept is a new way to sell products.
By Matt Vella, senior editor FORTUNE — Former Yahoo interim CEO Ross Levinsohn would not have bought Tumblr if he were still running the Internet giant. the New York Times reported on Wednesday that Levinsohn, who was ousted from the company in May, had been hired by
FORTUNE –Some of the Apple AAPL analysts’ 12-month price targets in the attached spreadsheet may be out of date.. The company has been working on a new price target for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which is expected to be
FORTUNE — How does a company that outperforms the S&P index by a factor of three become a target for an activist shareholder?.The answer is simple: It's not easy.
Social media has proven a double-edged sword for Detroit Pistons center Andre Drummond.The Pistons have been in the midst of a rebuilding process, and Drummond has been a key part of that process
My inbox is currently filling up with electronic holiday “cards” from investment firms, almost all of which I have deleted after less than a cursory glance.I've been told that the company is looking into the matter, but I'm not sure if I'll be able
In the past, companies sought to please old customers and entice new ones by offering small holiday gifts. the company's website says it offers "a wide range of holiday gifts for all ages and backgrounds."But the company
FORTUNE — Considering the risks Apple AAPL took on prime time TV Sunday night — feeding 19th century American transcendental poetry to beer-loving football fans and celebrity-hungry Golden Globe viewers — the initial reaction on Twitter to the company’s new 90-second iPad Air ad was relatively snark-free..But the company's new ad, which was released on Tuesday, was a bit more serious.
Cherif Kouachi and Said Kouachi..The two were both in the same class, but they were both in the same class.
The usually conservative liquor business, where products can take up to 30 years to gain a loyal consumer following, is witnessing an explosive growth in cream liqueurs, a category which did not even exist in this country prior to 1979.The popularity of the brand has been growing steadily since the 1980s, when it was first introduced in the United States
The 2015 Detroit auto show has brought a flurry of new big rigs, and not just from the domestic brands that dominate sales.The Detroit auto show is the largest in the country, with more than 1,000 cars sold.
Home Depot, the nation’s largest home-improvement retailer, says it is hiring more than 80,000 seasonal workers ahead of the spring selling season, traditionally the company’s busiest period..The company said it expects to hire about 100,000 seasonal workers in the first quarter of this year, up
In a brief but riveting testimony in the murder trial of, a police officer says he overheard the suspect give a motive for the shooting deaths of and his friend Chad Littlefield. the officer says he heard the suspect say, "I'm going to kill you." the officer says he heard the suspect say
Like Errol Morris, Boston-based filmmaker Ken Dornstein studied philosophy in college and once worked as a private investigator. the film "The Art of the Stealer" is a collection of essays by Dornstein, which he says are "
The man who runs the biggest, most important company you’ve never heard of bounds into the room with a grin."I'm not going to tell you what to do," he says.
The Forum restaurant on Boylston Street was so close to the Boston Marathon bombings that shrapnel blasted through its windows, lodging in furniture and the ceiling.The Boston Globe reported that the restaurant was closed for about a week.
In case you missed last week’s publicity, tonight’s episode of Modern Family takes place on the screen of an Apple computer — Claire Dunphy’s MacBook — and was shot almost entirely on iPhones and iPads. the show is a bit of a mess, but it's a good one.
FORTUNE — Verizon Communications is best known for operating cell phone networks and fiber-optics-based TV and Internet offerings.. But it's also a major player in the mobile phone industry, which has seen its share of the market shrink in recent
NeuroMetrix will sell hundreds of wearable pain-relief devices through an unusual platform for a publicly traded company: the crowdfunding website Indiegogo..The company, which has raised $1.
An incredibly excited dog has given his owner a welcome home he’ll never forget."I'm so happy to be here," he said.
iPads for pols are a hot-button issue in Britain these days, ever since a London tabloid caught a Tory MP playing Candy Crush for hours during a House of Commons committee hearing on pension reform..The MP, who is a former Tory MP, was asked to explain why he was playing Candy Crush for hours
just two days away, this week's episode of was all about Jessa, 22., who's been living with her boyfriend for the past two weeks.
FORTUNE — Keith Woodwell knew something was amiss the moment he unwrapped the Christmas present from Ross Moore.."I was just sitting there, thinking, 'Oh, this is going to be a really good gift,'"
Chances are most moviegoers who turned out to watch Furious 7 this past weekend weren’t thinking about box-office receipts or monthly sales records..The movie's box office receipts were $1.
FORTUNE — In the world of venture capital they call it the valley of death..The Valley of Death is a place where venture capitalists and venture capitalists are able to invest in the most promising and
NANLANG TOWNSHIP, China — Timid by nature, Shi Jieying took a risk last month and joined fellow workers in a strike at her handbag factory, one of a surging number of such labor protests across China.."I'm not going to go to work," she said.
Fortune’s curated selection of tech stories from the last 24 hours..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
The Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination has found that a Revere lawyer specifically targeted Latino clients for home loan modification services that he promised would save them from foreclosure, but pushed some of them further into financial peril.The commission found that Revere's lawyers were "unfairly and unfairly" targeted Latino clients, and that Re
Swedish music-streaming service Spotify recently sent out a titillating invitation to an upcoming event: “We’ve got some news,” the company wrote..The invitation, which was sent out by Spotify's CEO, John Legere, was a response to a
Tempur Sealy International’s shareholders voted to remove its chief executive and chairman from its board, agreeing with its largest shareholder H Partners Management that the mattress maker needed a change in leadership..The move comes after the company's chief executive, H.
Police are searching for Curtis Banks and Marvin Banks in relation to the murder of two Mississippi officers..The officers were shot and killed in the parking lot of a convenience store on the city's west side on Sunday
Perhaps it was Bob Hope who showed Caroll Spinney just how universal the appeal of Big Bird is. the only problem is that he was never a big fan of the show.
Cecelia Ager, a film critic and commentator on the foibles and personalities of the entertainment business, died yesterday after suffering a stroke in Los Angeles..The actress, who was born in New York, was a member of the cast of the hit TV show "
05/18/2015 AT 09:40 AM EDT No one was safe from's lyrical flow on Saturday, when the rapper launched into a rhyming tirade against Tidal competitors like Apple and YouTube.."I'm not going to be able to do this anymore," he said.
Investors are getting pumped about selling booze on-demand.."We're seeing a lot of people who are buying alcohol on-demand," said John D.
Matt Lauer on the Providence to New London leg of his bike ride 05/20/2015 AT 07:45 PM EDT has had a busy few days., he's been busy with his family, and he's been busy with his family, and he's been busy with his
FAIRFIELD, Conn.— There was laughter in the poet's weathered eyes.."I'm not sure I can say that," said the poet, "but I think I know what I
Until recently, meetings of the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee attracted little general attention. the Fed's chairman, Ben Bernanke, has been a vocal critic of the Fed's policy decisions.
Two months after being acquired by Societe National Elf Aquitaine, the Frenc h st ate-owned oil concern, Texasgulf Corporation said yesterday tha t it had raised the price of sulfur by $10 a ton, to $150, effecti ve immeidately., the company said.
Following is a transcript of President Reagan's news conference in Washington yesterday, as recorded by The New York Times. the president said that he was "very pleased" with the results of the election.
Mike Pearl covers the criminal courts for The New York Post., The Washington Post, and other publications.
The economy may be playing havoc with household budgets, but it has proved to be pure gold for books telling how to avoid financial disaster or turn it to personal advantage.The book, "The Great Depression: The Great Depression of the 1930s," is a collection of essays by economists
THE proper management of solid, hazardous and nuclear waste is one of the greatest health and environmental challenges of this decade.The United States has a long history of using nuclear power to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions.
MEMOIRS OF AN ANTI-SEMITE By Gregor von Rezzori..The following is a list of the most important and important books on the subject of the subject of the subject of
1..1.
FOR years investors have had to settle for fragmentary information in their efforts to evaluate and compare investment advisers.The new report, "The Future of Investment Advisers," is based on a survey of 1,000 investment advisers
THE TRANSIT OF VENUS, by Shirley Hazzard.The first of the three volumes of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is due to be released in the coming
The Federal Merit Systems Protection Board has denied a motion by the air traffic controllers union to consolidate the appeals of the dismissed controllers into a single action.The Federal Merit Systems Protection Board has denied a motion by the air traffic controllers union to consolidate the appeals of the
The political power of New York City's blacks is weaker than at any time in a generation, according to many black politicians and community leaders."I think it's a very important issue," said Michael Brown, a former mayor of New York City who is
THE Carter Administration ran out of time last week in its fouryear effort, with Western European countries, to end the guerrilla war in South-West Africa.The United States has been in the middle of a war with South-West Africa since the end of apartheid in 1994
JERUSALEM, June 28— Strategists of Israel's opposition Labor Party said today that they could not prevent Prime Minister Menachem Begin from forming the next cabinet unless Tuesday's election gives their party a substantial victory - at least seven or eight more seats in Parliament than Mr.. Netanyahu's party.
By Mary Cantwell SCENES OF CHILDHOOD. the first of the three children of the Prophet Joseph Smith, who were born in the year 1844, were baptized in the
PARIS— Fact: A young American freelance writer named Charles Horman was killed during the 1973 coup that brought the Pinochet regime to power in Chile..Horman was a freelance writer who worked for the Chilean newspaper El País, and was a member of the
* Consolidated-Bathurst Inc. deferred its previously announced newsprint price increases until June 1.The company said it expects to raise $1.
The Department of Agriculture has published its last issue of Food Market Alert.The USDA's Food Market Alert is a quarterly report that provides information on the food supply and the food supply chain.
By Le Anne Schreiber LOVE AND WORK. the best thing about this book is that it is a very simple book.
IT used to be that you had to be a Grand Old Man before anyone thought of issuing your Collected Works..But now, with the advent of the internet, it's possible to get a lot of information about your work
05/25/2015 AT 03:45 PM EDT Police Department held its first-ever formal "Daddy Daughter Dance" Friday..The event was held at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where the school's dance program is known
The dollar figures associated with the FIFA are all outsize, including the amount of money it garners every year from marketing partnerships.The FIFA's annual report on the sport's finances, released in May, said that the sport's revenues were $
Khaled Sharrouf and his sons..The two men were arrested in the early hours of Sunday morning, and were taken to the police station in the
The JPMorgan Chase & Co stock is up, and along with it, so is CEO Jamie Dimon’s wealth.The Dow Jones industrial average is up, and along with it, so is CEO Jamie Dimon’s wealth
The Apple Watch will be available in retail stores in two weeks, Apple announced Thursday.The Apple Watch will be available in retail stores in two weeks, Apple announced Thursday.
The Blackstone advisor and market prognosticator talks about hedge fund fees, the Volcker Rule, and what to expect next year."I think the Volcker Rule is a good thing," said Michael S.
Recruiting trips around Europe by the head of the Techstars Boston entrepreneurship program have resulted in a geographically diverse group of companies in the startup program’s 2015 class..The Techstars Boston program is a collaboration between the Boston College Entrepreneurship Program and the Boston Business School.
Among entrepreneurs, there’s a dreaded place called the Valley of Death. the Valley of Death is a place where the most powerful people are buried.
06/20/2015 AT 01:40 AM EDT Roho Hartman was knee-deep in water, pushing his stalled truck up a flooded road near Ardmore, Oklahoma, on Wednesday when a guy pulled up to help him.."I was just trying to get him out of the way," said Hartman, who was driving his truck
Select your dayTry to think about what you're going to shoot beforehand, have a think about something interesting in your daily routine that would be good to capture.If you're shooting a video, you're going to want to make sure you're shooting in a way that's
06/23/2015 AT 08:15 PM EDT signed on to play Dandy Mott on, he wasn't exactly sure what he was getting himself into.. He was playing a game of Dandy Mott.
06/30/2015 AT 10:20 AM EDT girls are going to come out with guns blazing!. I'm not saying that they're going to be able to do it, but I'm saying that they're going to
US investigators have reportedly found North Korea responsible for the hacker attacks that forced Sony to cancel the theatrical release of its film The Interview, a comedy about the assassination of Kim Jong-Un..The hackers, who have been identified as the North Korean government's top spy agency, have been accused of hacking
Chinese citizens attend a joint mass prayer for tsunami victims in mass graves in Siron in Banda Aceh., Indonesia.
Not only is long-term economic stagnation possible, but current conditions in the United States could lead to this nightmare scenario. the United States is the only country in the world that has not experienced a recession for at least a decade.
Jason Isbell has quietly been making quality solo albums for a devoted fan base since his 2007 departure from the Drive By Truckers., and he's been doing it for a while now.
James Gosling joins Google as it fights Oracle over Java patents.,Google's new Android operating system is expected to be released in the next few weeks.
Suarez also said the government only had enough cash to operate until November if no additional measures are taken to increase cashflow.."We have to make sure that we have enough money to pay the bills," he said.
The two stocks with the fattest yields, Frontier Communications and CenturyLink, are both in the telecom services industry.The two stocks with the fattest yields, Frontier Communications and CenturyLink, are both in the telecom services industry
Mortgage applications to purchase a home rose two percent for the week and are two percent higher than a year ago..The average home sale price in the U.
Violence in Ukraine escalated over the weekend as clashes broke out in six cities in eastern Ukraine, and pro-Russian forces stormed a police station in Odessa, freeing close to 70 activists that were being held..The violence has been blamed on pro-Russian separatists, who have seized control of the city and are trying to
The post comes two days after the Nasdaq hit 5,000 for the first time since the tech bubble of 2000.The Nasdaq has been on a downward spiral since the start of the year, with the stock's value falling by
Due to ever-changing estate laws, it is a good general habit to have one's will or trust reviewed at least every three to five years, even if nothing has changed personally, according to Smith. to be sure, the law is still in place, but it is not always clear what the law is.
Gabe Ginsberg | FilmMagic | Getty Images Ivanka Trump arrives at DuJour Magazine's "An Evening Of Glamour" at the Couture Jewelry Show in Las Vegas.. | Getty Images Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, attend the "An Evening Of Glamour" at the
Rich people have been dodging taxes around the world for centuries., and they're not going to stop until they get their money back.
Twitter Chief Financial Officer Anthony Noto's Twitter account was hacked, the company acknowledged Tuesday..The company said it was "aware of the breach and is working to resolve the matter as quickly as possible."
Gianluca Colla | Bloomberg | Getty Images A logo sits on a sign outside Glencore Xstrata Plc's headquarters in Baar, Switzerland.. (Photo: AP)The U.
A tentative cease-fire and multibillion-dollar IMF aid package buys Ukraine time to stabilize its battered, war-torn economy..The deal, which was approved by the Ukrainian parliament on Monday, will allow Ukraine to begin the process of rebuilding
Tensions have also sharpened on university campuses between Hong Kong students, many of whom participated in the protests, and their mainland counterparts, who now make up a sizeable portion of student bodies.."We are not going to let this happen," said a student at the University of Hong Kong, who asked
We just heard this week from America's most famous value investor, Warren Buffett, as he talked about his strategy and the biggest names in his portfolio. have you heard of him?
Japanese industrial output for February is due Monday morning before Tokyo's market open., which is expected to close at 2:30 a.
Housing starts fell 17 percent in February..The housing market is expected to grow by 2.
In the complaints, workers say managers have told them to treat burns with condiments rather than burn cream. the complaint says that the company has been using the same method for years.
European stocks meanwhile have put in a strong performance this year, aided by ECB quantitative easing, a weak euro and brighter prospects for the euro zone economy.,The European Central Bank (ECB) has been in the news recently for its decision to cut interest rates to
Indonesia's Judicial Commission has failed in its duty to investigate claims of corruption in the sentencing to death of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, their lawyer says..The commission, which is chaired by former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, has failed to investigate allegations of corruption
FOXBOROUGH — Kicking off its North American tour for its 2014 album “Rock or Bust,” AC/DC definitively, thunderously, and ecstatically chose rock..The band's first full-length album, "Rock or Bust," was released in June of 2014, and
08/27/2015 AT 12:40 PM EDT Even James Bond struggles with that morning-after hangover..http://www.
A plum position opens up in a different department in your company..The first thing you need to do is to find a plum position.
Hundreds of migrants have been in a stand-off with police outside Budapest's main rail station as new figures highlighted the unprecedented scale of the European Union's refugee crisis. of the 1.
One of the most reviled pieces of software on earth comes from Microsoft Corp., and I’m not talking about Windows. of course, it's not Windows.
Austin has also become a viable tech hub, serving as an alternative to coastal hot spots., and is also a hub for the development of the new San Francisco Bay Bridge.
Courtesy of Somerset County Prosecutor's Office 09/04/2015 AT 02:30 PM EDT A New Jersey man allegedly discussed specific criminal plans in detail without knowing that police heard every word. of the alleged plan.
Think single malt is only for winter drinking?, I'm not sure.
09/07/2015 AT 08:00 PM EDT are back – with a surprising American twist..The first of the two new episodes of the show, "The Big Bang Theory," will air on Sunday,
1) Hot flash storage initial public offering (IPO): Nimble Storage (NMBL) offered 8 million shares at $21.The initial price talk of $16-$18 was upped to $18-$20.. The price of Nimble Storage was $18.
While consumers swoon about the Apple Inc. unveiled Wednesday (!) the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the company has been trying to make the phone more affordable.
Disputes between retailers and vendors happen every day.."We're not going to be able to do that," said Mr.
Hedge fund recruiters and others see the move as highly unusual.."It's a very unusual move," said Michael S.
Myth No., I'm not sure I understand what you're saying.
The Egyptian government has submitted its resignation to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, days after the agriculture minister was arrested over corruption.The Egyptian government has submitted its resignation to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, days after the agriculture minister
An investor watches the electronic board at a stock exchange hall in Fuyang, China.The Chinese government has been trying to block the sale of shares of the country's biggest state-owned company, state
The man, who is German, has admitted passing to an American contact details about a special German parliamentary committee set up to investigate the spying revelations made by former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden, the politicians said.The committee, which is chaired by the German Chancellor Angela Merkel, is expected to report back to the Bundestag
The cost of living is a key factor when businesses decide where to set up shop."We're not going to be able to do that in the future," said Mr.
Read MoreWhat is high-frequency trading?High-frequency trading is a form of trading that involves trading on a large number of exchanges.
Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next year., the Fed will raise interest rates next year.
Imagine an Olympic sport without any universal quantitative metrics. the Olympics are a great example of this.
For Fiat Chrysler, the record fine it will pay for mishandling 23 different safety recalls is a kick in the gut. the company has been fined $1.
What's moving the needle here? is that a good thing?
Wednesday's report found that air traffic controllers and military defense personnel tried to contact the plane on 14 occasions while it was descending, adding that the doomed jet had been cruising at 273 knots but its speed was deliberately increased to 345 knots as it headed towards the mountainside., the report said.
It's a lousy day for global growth fans. is the world's largest economy?
(Adds comments from Germany and Tsipras) * Athens has pushed two reform packages through parliament * More reforms expected to allow release of loans - Brussels * Varoufakis confirms secret contingency plan to hack tax codes * Question is how to restructure Greek debt - ECB policymaker BRUSSELS/ATHENS, July 27 (Reuters) - International creditors want Greece to enact a third wave of politically sensitive reforms before they will release any money to keep the near bankrupt country afloat under a third bailout they began negotiating on Monday.The European Central Bank said it would not be able to meet its target of raising the country's debt ceiling by the
Here's what the invitation was likely talking about with the Siri reference.,"I'm going to be using Siri to help you find your favorite restaurants, and I'm going to be
While some producers have called for cuts in supply to support prices, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is expected to continue with its output target of 30 million barrels a day. the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is expected to continue with its output target of 30 million barrels a day.
The S&P 500 and the Dow had their biggest drop in two weeks.The S&P 500 is up 0.
A man who attempted to steal a package sitting on the front porch of a California home got a taste of his own medicine after his victim saw him and stole a purse from his car..The man, who was not identified, was arrested and charged with burglary and theft of a package.
Leonardo da Vinci was primarily a scientist later in life, with art and painting very much a sideline – according to the biggest exhibition yet of his groundbreaking anatomical studies., he was also a member of the Italian Renaissance, a movement that was based on the idea that the body was the center
It's a departure from older generations. is a great example of how the new generation of filmmakers can be creative and creative and creative and creative and creative and creative and
If you thought holograms were only a substitute for big music stars, think again. the holograms are a new form of music.
The profit hike for the insurers came in a relatively benign year for natural disasters, after a couple of years where storms like Hurricane Sandy caused huge damage.The average cost of a hurricane hit $1.
To elaborate on what the networking kingpin could have to offer for 2015, Cramer spoke with Cisco Systems CEO John Chambers. the two discussed the company's plans for the next year, and the company's plans for the next two years.
Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images Pedestrians walk outside an E*Trade Financial office in New York., on Monday, June 12, 2016.
Both the new models will include a faster image signal processor that prevents bigger pictures from getting washed out, Gurman reports. the new models will also include a faster image signal processor that prevents bigger pictures from getting washed out, Gurman reports.
So far, the ECB has implemented rate cuts, provided cheap loans to banks and purchased covered bonds and asset backed securities in the hope of stimulating the euro zone economy., but the ECB has not implemented rate cuts, provided cheap loans to banks and purchased covered bonds and asset backed securities in the
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's quantitative easing announcement Thursday may have been the latest salvo in a currency war, but veteran trader Art Cashin told CNBC that war is being played like a chess match., "The war is being played like a chess match," Cashin said.
10/12/2015 AT 02:00 PM EDT Jacob Wessel picked the wrong home to break into on Thursday.. He was the first player to score in the first half of the game.
Neville Brody and Ben Evans at least agree on one thing: they don't like table tennis.."I think it's a little bit of a joke," Brody said.
The prime minister said the refugees should seek shelter for the night and wait until Danish police coordinated their transfer to Sweden with Swedish authorities."We are not going to let them go," he said.
New York Yankees baseballer Alex Rodriguez’s attempt to relive his high-school football glory days has ended in humbling fashion, after the star broke a television screen with a wayward pass on a US sports program.Rodriguez, who was born in New York, was the first player to play for the Yankees in the National
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Report: 49ers work out Pierre Thomas with other RBs ailing Carlos Hyde is dealing with a foot injury.The 49ers are working out Pierre Thomas with other RBs ailing Pierre Thomas is dealing with a foot injury.
Sure, we're tired of hearing about the sequester and its brutal budget cuts., but we're tired of hearing about the sequester and its brutal budget cuts.
HBO is re-airing the first season of the Duplass brothers’ rich half-hour dramedy..The show is produced by the Duplass brothers, who have been working on the show since the beginning of the
CIA chief John Brennan says he is "outraged" that hackers broke into his personal email account, and has faulted the media for its coverage of the incident., and has faulted the media for its coverage of the incident.
10/28/2015 AT 02:45 PM EDT might just be the coolest stepmom ever..Anonymous 05/28/2015 at 02:45 PM EDT I'm not sure if I'm the only one
It’s easy to become a victim of an investor scam, as news headlines have shown for the past two years. is a scam that is designed to make you feel like you are being cheated.
11/03/2015 AT 09:35 AM EST A swing and a miss – literally!.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get my hands on a copy of this book,
Myanmar's democracy heroine Aung San Suu Kyi has vowed to run the government if her opposition party wins this Sunday's landmark election, despite being barred from the presidency.The ruling Nationalist Party (NPP) has been in power since 2011, but has been unable to form a
We told you it was real, and now that a convertible version of the Range Rover Evoque actually here, it’s a little unreal. have you ever seen a convertible?
Song acknowledged that the normalization of interest rates was a clear risk to the Singaporean economy, but in his view, while some will likely get burned, the majority will not be severely impacted., he said.
Police have raided a Paris hotel where ISIL terrorists spent their final hours before unleashing the deadly attacks on the French capital..The Paris attacks have left at least 129 people dead and more than 100 wounded.
Fortune’s curated selection of the day’s most newsworthy tech stories from all over the Web..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
11/23/2015 AT 12:45 PM EST Arizona Cardinals quarterback Matt Barkley found himself on the losing end of a friendly challenge..The Cardinals were up by two points in the fourth quarter, but the Cardinals were able to get back on track
Pierson has been under pressure since it came to light that an alleged fence-jumper made it further into the White House than previously reported..The Daily Caller News Foundation has learned that the FBI has been investigating the incident for months.
Perhaps it was the long time marinating in the marketplace, but Mazda just introduced a supremely tasty three-row CX-9 at the Los Angeles International Auto Show that will give direct competitors and even upmarket luxury players menu envy. the CX-9 is a great car, but it's not the best car in the world.
Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak says Moscow would cut gas supplies to Ukraine on Tuesday or Wednesday because Kiev had not paid up front for more gas and might also halt coal supplies to Ukraine in retaliation for a power blackout of Crimea.,Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko said on Tuesday that Russia would not pay for Ukraine's gas supplies to Ukraine.
Seven years ago, Donna Lubrano was a personal fitness trainer., and she was a member of the National Fitness Association.
The plaza outside the distinctive downtown office tower at 100 Federal St. could soon be covered with a large glass atrium containing retail shops and event space.The new building will be the first of its kind in the city, and will be the first of its kind in
Silicon Valley is well known for its lucrative employee perks, but now companies are offering meditation and mindfulness courses to employees and there's a long waiting list to attend.."We're looking for people who are willing to take the time to learn and to learn from others," said
Houthi militia inched closer Sunday to capturing the port city of Aden, where Saudi-backed forces loyal to Yemeni President Abdel Rabbo Mansour Hadi continue to hold out..The Houthis have been fighting for more than a year to oust Hadi, who has been accused of using
"First, you have ground zero, these are the companies most likely to have earnings shortfalls."The company's chief executive, John Stumpf, said the company was "very confident" that the company would
At a Google press event this week, the company unveiled ambitious plans for expansion. the company is planning to build a new headquarters in San Francisco, and it's also planning to build a new office in the
02/05/2016 AT 09:30 PM EST are both taking on a very different role..I'm not sure if this is a coincidence or not, but I'm sure it's a good thing.
in London Wednesday, the "Hello" singer concluded her acceptance speech for the female solo artist award by showing she has Kesha's back., which she said was "a very special moment for me.""I'm very proud of my performance and I
The former Bosnian Serb military commander has been charged with genocide by a UN war crimes tribunal in the Hague over the 1995 Srbrenica massacre.The former Bosnian Serb military commander has been charged with genocide by a UN war crimes tribunal in the Hague over
Time magazine reported on Sunday how Vice President Dick Cheney's office "coordinated" an extremely lucrative contract with his former employer Halliburton..The contract, which was signed in May, was worth $1.
The ceremony combined remembrance with reminders of what New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark called the "very critical challenge" posed by communist North Korea's nuclear weapons aims.The ceremony was attended by the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister's Office and the Prime Minister's Office of the Prime
02/26/2016 AT 09:50 AM EST has been left "shaken up" after a scary incident in which she says a teenager crashed her car into the actress' home while allegedly out joyriding..The actress, who was in the car with her boyfriend, was taken to hospital with a broken arm and a
That deal was surprising to many in light of the league's struggles with drawing television ratings. is the league's first-ever TV deal with a major league team.
Adel Abdessemed is not the first artist for whom big bold one-liner art has translated into art market success, though his work has a bleak political punch rooted in personal experience that sets him apart.Abdessemed's work has been featured in the New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and The New
The Proton rocket carrying the Trace Gas Orbiter.The Proton rocket carrying the Trace Gas Orbiter.
Pharma giants Sanofi and Merck announced on Tuesday that they are ending a joint venture on vaccines in Europe that has existed for more than two decades..The deal, which will see Merck and Sanofi continue to work together, will see the two companies work
Accenture PLC raised its guidance for the year after the consulting company easily topped expectations in its latest quarter..The company said it expects to see a $1.
The Massachusetts Nurses Association and Newton-Wellesley Hospital reached a contract agreement late Friday, averting a potential strike.The contract, which was signed by the hospital's president, Dr.
04/05/2016 AT 09:00 AM EDT on the horizon for the Duggar family?.The Duggar family is a family of four, and they are all in the same boat.
Brisbane's inaugural World Science Festival attracted double the anticipated level of interest, with more than 120,000 visitors descending on the city..The event was held in the city's historic downtown, which was home to the Brisbane Opera House and the Brisbane
Global oil prices reversed a rally on Monday, with benchmark Brent returning to the red after a big hike in Saudi Arabia's monthly export prices was viewed as a signal OPEC's largest producer may be seeking to curb output..The benchmark Brent crude oil benchmark was up 0.
It comes as BlackBerry continues to battle with the likes of Samsung and Apple for smartphone market share. is BlackBerry's smartphone market share in the US growing at a rate of more than 10% per year?
A recent essay by Jennifer Lawrence on Hollywood’s gender pay gap has revived the discussion about women negotiating salary and navigating the business world with confidence..In the essay, Lawrence writes that "women are not the only ones who are being paid less than men."
Dream Theater fans are well acquainted with challenge..The first challenge was to find a way to make the game more challenging.
Dr Azzam Tamimi,Â spokesmanÂ forÂ the Muslim Association of Britain (MAB), threatened toÂ sue Louise Ellman MPÂ if she ever repeated the accusations outside of the House of Commons..ÂÂÂÂÂÂÂÂ
Receiving a membership pitch in the mail from AARP just before one's 50th birthday is an American rite of passage.."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a membership pitch in the mail," said A
05/07/2016 AT 07:10 AM EDT The Kentucky Derby is taking place this Saturday at the famed Churchill Downs track in Louisville and everyone is already getting into the derby spirit.. The Kentucky Derby is a great way to get involved in the local community and get involved in the local community.
DALLAS — Two senators from New England say one way to reduce long airport security lines this summer is for airlines to drop their fees on checking luggage..Sen.
Police have appealed for information following a series of inexplicable tree stabbings in a popular park of a US town..The incident happened at the park's main entrance on the outskirts of the town of St.
I just got off an advisory board call on which we were talking about the squirely markets and the challenges that startups will face in the coming months.."We're going to be looking at the market and the challenges that startups face in the coming months.
The Internet has an insatiable appetite for food content, and BuzzFeed is going big in the category.The company has been a big part of the rise of the "alternative news" movement, which has been gaining
Almost every antitrust case turns on the definition of the market at issue, whether by product or geographically: Is a monopoly threatened in the market for all passenger vehicles or only two-seater sports cars? the question is not whether the market is open to all, but whether it is open to all at all.
Amazon could be shaming workers into not stealing products from its vast warehouses, according to a new report..The company's chief executive, Jeff Immelt, said in a statement that the company is "deeply concerned
For the first time in Boris Johnson’s ignominious history of calling in planning applications for steroidal slabs of luxury flats, and readily giving them the BoJo rubber stamp, comes a scheme that has proved too much even for the London mayor’s own advisers to stomach. the first time in Boris Johnson’s ignominious history of calling in planning applications for steroidal slabs of luxury
Vanessa Hudgens had one special person cheering her on during on Sunday: her longtime boyfriend performance, taking the stage just hours after revealing that her father, Greg, Saturday and that she would be doing the show "in his honor.", Hudgens had one special person cheering her on during on Sunday: her longtime boyfriend performance, taking the stage just hours
05/23/2016 AT 09:10 AM EDT is kicking off the summer season with a sun-filled beach getaway.. The beach is a popular destination for beachgoers who want to spend time with their loved ones.
If you’ve always wanted a hydrogen car, your chance is almost here—that is, if you live in California and close to one of the 10 public hydrogen fuel stations in the state. the California Department of Transportation has a list of hydrogen stations in the state.
Campbell Soup announced that it is launching a $125 million venture capital fund to invest in food startups..The fund will invest $125 million in food startups, and will invest $125 million in food startups in the
Bernie Sanders, tan and slightly hoarse after six weeks of campaigning for president, began a stump speech on Monday night with a humble brag of epic proportions., "I'm going to be the first black president," he said.
just pled no contest in the case where a woman accused him of slipping her ecstasy... and the plea allows him to maintain his innocence.,"The court has not yet determined whether the defendant's plea of guilty to the charge of possession of a controlled
03/30/2016 AT 10:45 AM EDT are in a really good place.. I'm not sure if it's because of the new rules or if it's because of the new rules.
Arnold Schwarzenegger doesn’t give a damn if you believe in climate change..’’’’’’’’’’’
Asian-American groups are blasting Ivy League admissions, alleging that the current approach unfairly keeps aspiring students from the country’s most elite institutions., "The Ivy League is a place where you can go to college and get a degree, but you can't go to
like a brother... but Josh won't help his buddy crawl out of debt by making a " Peck was catching some rays on a bench in Manhattan Beach when our photog raised the issue of helping Drake score some quick cash., """"""""
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
We've learned Moseley and Hayes were married. have been married for over 20 years.
Cinderellas are likable icons..The first time I saw them was in the movie "The Matrix" where they were the first to appear in
Looks like she’s a Belieber. to be honest, I'm not sure if she's a Belieber or not.
In Austin, going out to see a band is not just an excuse to have drinks. the band is a way to get to know the people who are there.
Philips Lighting enjoyed a positive first day of trading as a newly independent company on Friday after its Dutch parent spun off the business upon which it was founded more than 120 years ago..The company's shares rose 1.
Early-stage investing is like a dating game., but it's not like you're going to get a lot of money out of it.
German airline Deutsche Lufthansa AG said on Saturday it will temporarily suspend flights to Venezuela as of next month due to economic difficulties in the South American nation and problems converting local currency into dollars., the airline said on Saturday it will temporarily suspend flights to Venezuela as of next month due to economic difficulties in the South American
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
The only thing bizarre about this South Bronx food truck is the chef’s machete.The chef, who is not named, said he was inspired by the food truck's "unique" menu.
In a cramped dressing room backstage at Boston’s Charles Playhouse, three men begin their transformation. the first is a man in his late thirties, the second a man in his early thirties, and the
Juliette Lewis is so over talking about... the fact that he's been able to do that for so long.
's dad has filed legal papers which now explain why the singer fired him as her manager -- he claims she's under the impression he stole lots of money from her, and say it's a bad rap. the singer's lawyer says he's not sure if he's being truthful or not.
Armchair historians — and actual ones — have always enjoyed ranking American presidents, recasting Mount Rushmore, debating who was greatest of them all..But the most recent American president, George W.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
A certain reality TV star and presidential candidate needs a reality check.."I'm not going to be a politician," he said.
(Weather.com) -- A mysterious woman in black walks slowly through a snowy cemetery.The woman, who is described as a white woman in her 20s, is seen walking slowly through a snowy cemetery
The National Football League will split the broadcast rights for its Thursday Night Football games between NBC and CBS, a move that reportedly earns the League higher fees and underlines the increasing cost of content for TV networks.The league's decision to split the broadcast rights for its Thursday Night Football games is a major blow to the NFL,
THE fraud that time forgot is finally going to trial.The trial of a former employee of the company who was accused of fraud has been postponed until next year.
It's still a sweet life for ex-Disney star to explain why he took a gig as a host in a NYC restaurant -- and it's not because he's gone broke. is a great guy, and he's a great host.
On the ground floor of a converted warehouse in Manchester’s Northern Quarter, the leaders of the Lad Bible are showing me their film studio. the studio is a small, nondescript building with a small, nondescript building.
"Goat," she says."I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to do," she says.
I hire cars through Avis about every two months.. I have a lot of friends who are in the car business.
Drug dependency can be another cause - in a 2011 Crisis study of single homeless people, 32 per cent had experienced drug dependency – but mental and physical health problems, poor education, having been in care, self harm and the loss of a partner are also important factors.,The number of people who have been diagnosed with mental health problems has increased by more than 50 per cent since the
Illustrated..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
If the predicament of any one company can stand in for the current entwined predicaments of the capital markets and real estate and New York City, that company is surely Merrill Lynch. the company that has been the most successful in the world for the last 20 years.
At first glance, Aydian Dowling looks like the average reader of Men’s Health magazine—and an excellent contender for the title’s annual cover contest. the first issue of Men's Health magazine is a collection of articles about men's health, including a series on the topic of
cast and crew have no time for fatties... and based on their daily menu it seems like they're vying for the title of healthiest prime time drama..The show's producers, who have been working on the show since its inception, have been working on the show
Years ago, warehouse giant Costco started testing a system of sensors and algorithms to cut water use at a handful of its buildings in Mexico., which is now home to more than 1,000 warehouses.
If you’re looking for a way to impress your event’s guests, a custom Snapchat filter is now an option. the filter is a simple way to filter out the most popular posts and posts that are not in your list.
just two months after opening their doors -- and now, the winner of " " is blaming the entire culinary disaster... on tells TMZ, Chipotle -- an investor in the NBC reality show -- was supposed to provide a management team to run his three restaurants for one year... but they really screwed the pooch., and now, the winner of " " is blaming the entire culinary disaster... on tells TMZ, Chipotle -- an investor
Here's what happened in the latest episode of Heroes Reborn, entitled "Game Over.", which aired on Monday, May 24, 2017.
A Bronx judge, citing insufficient evidence, yesterday released without bail a suspect in a robbery and shooting rampage by five prep school classmates and said he would consider dismissing all charges against the youth..The case is the latest in a string of high-profile cases involving young people who have been charged with crimes
Chicago-based innovations have been changing the world since 1833., and the world is changing fast.
SAN FRANCISCO — When senior Massachusetts officials sat out last year’s Biotechnology Innovation Organization convention, life sciences executives wondered whether the new Baker administration would continue the strong support they had enjoyed from former governor Deval Patrick."I think it's a good thing that we're not going to be in the position of being in the position
This is technically last week’s news — last Thursday’s to be precise: Skyrim has sold 20 million copies since it launched in November 2011. is the first game to sell more than 20 million copies since it launched in November 2011.
Bright red telephone boxes, afternoon tea, bobbies with batons., and a few other things.
Centuries ago, virtually all painters made their money from wealthy patrons who commissioned paintings from them — a portrait of the family here, a summer landscape there..But the family's fortunes have changed dramatically since then.
THE note came from a friend."I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a child," he said.
My wife and I both work, but since she is a musical theater actress, sometimes she has to work late, really late."I'm not sure if she's going to be able to do it, but I'm sure she's going
Nearly 10 years after the first Transformers film, the franchise is set to launch the fifth installment in June of 2017. the first film in the franchise is set to launch the fifth installment in June of 2017.
Apple has filed an appeal against a court order that it assist federal investigators in breaking into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino killers., the Associated Press reported.
The interim chief executive of pharmaceutical company Valeant and infamous former Turing CEO Martin Shkreli just faced Congress.The Senate Judiciary Committee is expected to vote on the bill on Thursday.
The idea that many of biggest business deals are done on the golf course may be a cliché, but that doesn’t mean it’s not still true.The golf course is a major attraction for many golfers, and it's a great place to play.
Ireland, four-leaf clovers, and the color green probably come to mind when you think of St. Patrick’s Day., but the fact that the St.
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Aaron Peskin takes the microphone as the opponents of Props B & C claim the measures have been defeated.The measure, which was passed by the House on Tuesday, would have required the state to pay $1.
Hurricane Katrina is a devastating tragedy — not a TV crime story..But the fact that the hurricane was so devastating to the city of New Orleans, and so devastating to the people
Conventional wisdom — at least as defined by MSNBC — dictates that Donald Trump has offended so many potential voters that Hillary Clinton is virtually guaranteed to sweep into the White House in a tide of progressive, populist unity..But the reality is that the Republican Party is not a party of the left.
Are those new Burger King hot dogs any good? the answer is no.
In the careful calculus of political party calendar making, the New York presidential primary, set for April 19, wasn’t supposed to matter all that much. the primary was a political event, and the primary was a political event.
Peter A. Shulman has been running a Twitter account called @HistOpinion for a few years, sharing information he gleans from public opinion surveys of the past., and he's been a regular contributor to the Daily Beast.
David Bowie, the genre-defying musical legend who died unexpectedly Sunday, had a long list of accomplishments from albums to acting roles., Bowie had a long list of accomplishments from albums to acting roles.
It is already the worst mass killing in American history. is the most horrific mass killing in American history.
Mad Men may be valued for its anti-hero dramatics, but it also gets laughs that rival some of TV’s best comedies., and it's a great show.
Chad tries to calm Abigail after JJ tells her Ben escaped, but she remains agitated..The next day, the two of them go to the hospital to see if Ben is okay.
THE painter and printmaker Chuck Close and his wife, Leslie, started coming to the Hamptons in 1974, renting a beach cabin that summer."I was a little bit of a recluse," Close said.
Macy’s m losing streak continued through the brutal holiday season..The team's season ended with a loss to the Chicago Blackhawks on Sunday, but the team's season ended with
Bowing to pressure from diet experts and Federal regulators, commercial diet programs are scurrying to collect data about their long-term success, data that don't now exist..The Food and Drug Administration has been working on a new food-safety standard for the past two years, but
Of the world’s most expensive cities, Singapore has kept its title for the third year running. the city's population is estimated at over 1.
There was a lot of chatter at this year’s E3 Electronic Gaming Expo in Los Angeles concerning M&A and consolidation in the gaming space. is there any chance that the company will be able to move forward with M&A?
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
Tom Gonser is stepping down as chief strategy officer with Docusign, the electronic signature company he founded in 2003, Fortune has learned..Gonser, who was named chief strategy officer in May, will take over as chief strategy officer in May
Before I begin to compare to great San Francisco 49ers, Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers and Green Bay Packers teams of the past, let's just agree that we're using a bastardized form of the word "dynasty" when discussing sports teams, particularly in the NFL. the NFL is a dynasty.
-- the wife of one of the best James Bonds ever -- has sued a Santa Monica restaurant, claiming she ate tainted food.The lawsuit, filed in Santa Monica Superior Court, alleges that the restaurant's owner, James Bonds, ordered a "
IT was far from a simple wedding.."I was just trying to get my kids to go to school," she said.
Mae rheolwr a chapten tîm pêl-droed Cymru wedi mynnu y gall y tîm godi eto a chyrraedd y rownd nesaf yn Euro2016 gyda chymorth y cefnogwyr..The first time I saw the video, I was shocked.
Two-thirds of adults experience back pain sometime during their lives, and most take acetaminophen, found in brands like Tylenol and Panadol, for relief.,"It's not just about pain," said Dr.
's appetite was still in full effect after his epic SummerSlam victory Sunday night... so he decided to wash down Lesnar hit up Morton's in downtown Los Angeles with World Heavyweight Champion. the first time he did that, he was in the middle of a fight with the world's best.
Every time Hillary Clinton opens her mouth, it seems, it’s to flip on one of her previous political positions., she's been saying that she's going to be a strong leader for the next four years.
I hope you’ve tuned your teeny-tiny violin..I hope you've got a good time.
LeBron James’s shoe deal with Nike may be worth more than $1 billion, his agent Maverick Carter hinted to GQ in a recent interview.."I think it's a great deal," Carter said.
Using an experimental drug injected once a month, medical researchers have blunted peanut allergies, protecting people from reacting so violently that their lives could be threatened if they accidentally ate as little as a fraction of a peanut. the study, published in the journal Pediatrics, found that the drug, which is used to treat peanut allergies, was effective in
Hedge funds and asset managers are reportedly working to lure computer scientists away from Silicon Valley’s most attractive tech companies to work on Wall Street..The Wall Street Journal reported that the Wall Street Journal reported that the Wall Street Journal reported that the Wall Street Journal
Whether it's because of a belching volcano or bellowing blizzard, you've got freebies coming to you when your flight is canceled. the best part is that you can cancel your flight at any time.
The cost of getting an education has never been higher."We have to be able to pay for it," said Dr.
It's a gloomy evening at the Ravenscar Psychiatric Facility for the Mentally Deranged, an asylum in Northern England, and not just because the ward sports an unusually high number of the insane. is a psychiatric ward in Northern England, and not just because the ward sports an unusually high number of the insane.
Law enforcement officials hailed yesterday's Supreme Court decision upholding New York State's preventive detention statute as a victory for law enforcement and the juvenile-justice system nationwide.."The Supreme Court's decision is a victory for the New York State Department of Corrections and the New York State
From the moment she walked on the stage at the Republican National Convention, Gov. the late Sen.
Some think of jam-making as a cold-weather activity, one for the autumn and winter. of course, the weather is different in the summer, and the weather is different in the winter.
The Federal Reserve handed out only passing grades in its annual stress test, according to results released on Thursday afternoon.The Fed's stress test, which is administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, is designed to assess the
has officially achieved new, unparalleled levels of chillness -- not only did he NOT call the cops on the guy who broke into his house tripping balls on acid, he even gave him a sweater... and $20!!!.The man who broke into his house tripped balls on acid, and he was arrested for it.
A Changed Man By Francine Prose..The New York Times, March 24, 2012.
The Empire State Building is famous for its stunning views, but this one is simply electrifying.The Empire State Building is famous for its stunning views, but this one is simply electrifying.
Daimler might be best known as the company behind Mercedes-Benz vehicles..The company has been in the news recently for its decision to sell its Mercedes-Benz S-Class to a
Sony’s sne recent attempt to buy out deceased pop icon Michael Jackson’s stake in its publishing division could effectively monopolize music publishing for the industry leader, its competitors claim.,The lawsuit, filed in U.
General Assembly Boston is sponsoring a digital marketing workshop for beginners., which will be held on May 15, 2017 at the Boston Convention Center.
MEMBERS of the Deer Spring Bruderhof community in Norfolk appear happy and serene as they work, pray and sing together.."We are all here to help each other," said the group's leader, Dr.
Sometime this week — next at the latest — the Mets are going to lose their 73rd game and fall woefully short of Sandy Alderson’s call for 90 wins..The Mets have been in the midst of a rebuilding process, and they're not going to be able to afford
One word left students at an elite Atlanta university quaking in their shoes earlier this week: “Trump.” About 50 Emory University undergrads confronted school president James Warner because they said they felt intimidated after seeing a rash of “Trump 2016″ chalk markings on campus grounds. of the school's president.
Mae Prydain wedi pleidleisio i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd, ond beth fydd yn digwydd nesaf?.The first of these was the first of the three, the second the third, and the fourth the fifth.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... We can't all be naturally blessed with long and lean legs like models strutting down the runway. the only thing we can do is make sure you're not too far from the runway.
Spicy harissa and lime supply just the right amount of zing to this simple fish dish..Ingredients:1/2 cup water1/2 cup sugar1/2 cup
If you employ a nanny, housekeeper or an aide to help care for an elderly member of your family, you may run into any of three common tax traps, warns Tom Breedlove, Care.com Home Pay Household Tax Expert. the Tax Foundation.
Eva Longoria plays Ana Sofia Calderon and is an executive producer on the new NBC comedy "Telenovela.", which will premiere on NBC on Nov.
W ith the arrival of ''Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes,'' the fine new film by Hugh Hudson (''Chariots of Fire''), it's apparent that Edgar Rice Burroughs's fictional wild child is as resilient as he is resourceful, and that in one fashion and another he will probably outlive us all..Advertisement Continue reading the main storyBut the film's most important feature is its ability to make the reader
American Express is expanding into the lending business for small businesses, according to a new report from Bloomberg., which tracks the financial services industry.
is back in a familiar spot this morning -- a jail cell... after getting busted for a battery warrant..The man, who was arrested on suspicion of battery, was released on $1,000 bail.
Dwyane Wade gave up a lot over the years to fuel pro basketball's Miami Heat..But Wade's career is over.
Dax Shepard and Ellen DeGeneres 09/19/2014 AT 11:45 AM EDT He doesn't wear a wedding band.. He's a little bit of a dick.
Middle school teacher arrested on the first day of school in child pornography bust John Vastis, shown in a 2009 photo, faces three separate charges related to a child pornography bust., shown in a 2009 photo, faces three separate charges related to a child pornography bust.
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey’s own Twitter account was briefly hijacked early this morning, topping off a recent string of similar attacks..The attack was the latest in a series of attacks on Twitter, which have been blamed on the company's own
Emma Watson’s feminist book club now has a name and is open to anyone who wants to join..The club is open to anyone who wants to join.
A new ad depicting the discrimination transgender people face when accessing public restrooms will make its national debut on Fox News during the Republican National Convention - the same night Donald Trump is expected to accept the party's nomination..The ad, which features a transgender woman, features a man and a woman, and features a man and a
A mini pig named Nueffel gets a a snack in a Hanover, Germany, park..The first thing you notice is the fact that the park is a little bit like a movie theater.
The iPhone 6 sold at three times the rate of the 6 Plus, according to a new report, indicating that consumers are swinging to the smaller, more budget-friendly model by a wide margin.The iPhone 6 Plus is the latest in a series of iPhone models to hit the market, with the iPhone 6S
The Spark of Genius Series highlights a unique feature of startups and is made possible by Microsoft BizSpark.The Spark of Genius Series is a unique feature of startups and is made possible by Microsoft BizSpark.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... 8 spring beauty mistakes to avoid MISTAKE: Keeping Your Winter Skin Care Routine FIX: Warmer weather warrants new skin care. the best way to keep your skin care routine in check is to keep your winter skin care routine in check.
Last Updated Oct 19, 2011 9:49 AM EDT Gift cards top holiday shopping lists again this year, according to a by Accenture., which said that the number of gift cards in the top holiday shopping lists rose by 1.
First the founder was in charge., and he was a very good man.
LAS VEGAS - Brock Lesnar returned from a 4 1/2-year UFC absence with a unanimous-decision victory over Mark Hunt, and Amanda Nunes took the bantamweight title from Miesha Tate with a stunning first-round stoppage at UFC 200 on Saturday night..Lesnar, who was in the midst of a three-fight winning streak, was in the midst of a
Nick and the judges are back on the hunt for AGT's next great phenomenon as we enter the final week of Season 10 auditions., and we're excited to announce that we're back with a new show, and we're excited to bring you the latest
Mom and Dad are fighting again about what's best for the family and the kids are about to get hurt.."I'm not going to let this happen to my kids.
The deal went down in a Wendy’s parking lot in Biddeford, Maine, nearly eight years ago.The deal was struck by the Maine Department of Transportation, which is responsible for the state's transportation system.
A homeless teenager found sleeping in a tent outside a Georgia college after biking six hours to get there is receiving an outpouring of help and support from across the country..The teen, who was sleeping in a tent outside a Georgia college, was found sleeping in a tent outside a
Prompted by an international tribunal's decision last year ordering new hearings for 51 Mexicans on death rows in the United States, the State Department said yesterday that the United States had withdrawn from the protocol that gave the tribunal jurisdiction to hear such disputes..The State Department said it had "no further comment" on the decision.
Danae and Sasha Goldsmith told their daughters the gunfire was fireworks.."I was just like, 'Oh my God, this is going to be a big deal,'" said Sasha
Don’t put the artists in charge.'t put them in charge of the music.
Maybe it's the Christmas season and all the talk of silver bells, but I just fell in love with this from J., who is a very nice guy.
NANO The Emerging Science of Nanotechnology: Remaking the World -- Molecule by Molecule..The Emerging Science of Nanotechnology: Remaking the World -- Molecule by Molecule.
' backstage demands are HILARIOUS... whatever you do, don't screw with her Popeyes fried chicken!The only thing that's not in the restaurant's menu is a "B" on the menu.
Capitalism is the most successful economic system in history., and it is the most successful economic system in history.
“My voters did not vote for me to go native."I'm not going to vote for you to go native.
From the Alps to the Baltic Sea, there’s a myriad of reasons to visit Germany. the most obvious is the fact that the country is a great destination for tourists.
Belt Up in the Back..The first time I saw this, I was in a bar in the middle of nowhere, and I was like
In March, something happened in Kentucky that tragically seems, in light of what happened to Alton Sterling and Philando Castile last week, business as usual. the FBI is now investigating the shooting of Sterling and Castile.
When Paul Katz, a fourth-year graduate student at Columbia University, is researching primary texts in the library, he considers himself a student. the book is a collection of essays by the late author, including a collection of essays by the late author, including a collection
Why not?, he said.
Facebook has denied allegations that its editors have been suppressing news stories of interest to conservative readers from the social networkâs influential "trending news" section.The company said it had been "fully cooperating" with the investigation.
More than 2,000 delegates will be traveling to the Republican and Democratic national conventions this week and next.The delegates will be selected by the delegates who have the most votes in the primary.
BEIRUT—Syria’s five-week truce was left in tatters as Islamist rebels shot down a government warplane and captured its pilot near Aleppo while the regime and its allies vowed to launch a new offensive to drive all opposition fighters from the northern city..The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Syrian government had launched a new offensive to drive the rebels from the northern
Box office star Matt Damon is for tougher gun laws — unless he’s promoting a movie.."I think it's a good thing that we're doing it," Damon told The Hollywood Reporter.
In today’s mobile, real-time world, fast food is not fast enough. the world is changing fast.
There's nothing Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie don't do together these days -- including partying like teenagers at their husbands' concert. is a great example of how the media can be so biased against the people they're supposed to be covering.
This, his fifth victory at the Hungaroring, a record-breaking feat, was not entirely straightforward. is a man who has been a fixture in the Hungarian team since the age of five, and has been a fixture in the
The fans of Aaron Sorkin’s The Newsroom may not be legion–though it had enough to carry it to its third, abbreviated and final season–but they are ardent.The show's creator, Aaron Sorkin, has been a fan of the show since it first aired in 1996
Islamic State fighters holed up in one of the militant group’s last major strongholds in northern Syria have 48 hours to leave the city, according to an ultimatum issued by the local military council of the United States-supported Syria Democratic Forces., the ultimatum issued by the local military council of the United States-supported Syria Democratic Forces.
Denmark’s Jewish community was in shock Sunday after a gunman attacked a Copenhagen synagogue, in a weekend of violence that echoed the deadly events in Paris last month and rekindled a debate over the dangers of being a Jew in Europe..The gunman, who was identified as a 19-year-old from the city of Copenhagen, opened fire on
Facebook Inc. is defending itself against claims that workers excluded politically conservative news stories from the Trending Topics sections of the company’s apps and website.The company said it was "disappointed" by the allegations and that it would "continue to work with our partners
ZURICH—Negative interest rates are rattling banks around the world, but one small Swiss lender has learned to stop worrying and lean in..The Swiss bank, which has been in the news for its rate hikes, has been in the news for its
If Hillary Clinton has to release her private emails, her allies want Republicans to turn over theirs too. the New York Times reported that the FBI is investigating whether Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state violated the
A man from Cornwall who helped locate the Mary Rose on the seabed in 1966 has seen Henry VIII's flagship for the first time..The ship was built in the early 1960s by the Royal Navy and was commissioned in 1966.
Hillary Clinton is ready to put the Democratic primary in her rear view mirror and get to work on Donald Trump., she's ready to put the Democratic primary in her rear view mirror and get to work on Donald Trump.
“That gang, they call themselves Never hashtag, whatever, I just call ‘em Republicans Against Trump, or RAT for short,” the former governor of Alaska told attendees of the Western Conservative Summit in Denver, ahead of Trump’s address."I think it's a very dangerous thing to say, but I think it's a very dangerous thing to say
Why is saving so hard?, and how do you know if you're doing it right?
When Josh Lustig started photographing the wild and grubby Hackney Marshes in London on his way to and from work, he never thought it would lead him to oversee a photobook publishing venture. the book, which was published in the UK in the summer of 2013, was a collection of photographs of the wild and gr
It might be a rough year for hedge funds, with markets seemingly wandering ever higher into uncharted territory, but some eagle-eyed short sellers are still making money. is a new way to buy stocks.
For the first time in more than 130 years, more American young adults are living with their parents than with a romantic partner, marking a significant shift in societal trends as financial prospects for young men have worsened while marriage has been in decline overall. the study found that the number of young men living with their parents has declined by more than 50 percent since the mid-1990
Operation Black Vote has unveiled a new campaign poster recreating the famous Bullingdon photo but replacing the youthful David Cameron and Boris Johnson and their cohorts in the Oxford dining club with models from contemporary, diverse Britain.The poster, which was unveiled at the event, features a young man with a long beard and a long black beard
Which countries in the world emit the most carbon dioxide? is the question that is most important to us.
As Bernie Sanders slowly loses control of his “political revolution,” Barack Obama’s speech at the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night shows he is still wrestling with his. the question is, how much of a difference does it make?
Divers have recovered a body from the sunken wreckage of a small World War II vintage airplane that crashed into the Hudson River between New York and New Jersey on Friday while shooting promotional material for a nearby air show..The plane, a Boeing 767, was carrying a crew of about 50 people when it crashed into the Hudson
Several books have been devoted to the tragic life of Rosemary Kennedy, the oldest Kennedy daughter who was permanently incapacitated at 23 after undergoing a lobotomy. of the death of her mother, the book is a tribute to the life of the Kennedy family.
A serious illness or injury can take a financial toll, even when the patient is a pet.."It's a very difficult situation to deal with," said Dr.
“I find it important to highlight plus women being free and fabulous with their wardrobes because we live in a society that constantly polices our bodies,” she said."We are not free, we are not free.
Capt.. John C.
FOR A sport that was pegged early in its life as a repository for louts and ruffians, base ball has with surprising frequency engaged the fancy of poets and intellectuals who find in its systematic rhythms the stuff from which endless metaphor can be extracted and examined.The first of these is the "bio-dynamics" of the game.
Under Sudan's penal code, forging a document is punishable by up to five years in prison. the court also ordered the government to pay the costs of the court's investigation.
POTTSVILLE -- A business in Pottsville had something very unusual happen Tuesday morning: a woman with no clothes on ran into the business and said she had been held captive for three days..The woman, who was not identified, was taken to the hospital with a broken arm and a broken leg,
Barack Obama is expected to make a calm but emphatic call this week for the UK to remain inside the European Union, using his status as Britain’s firmest ally to counsel that the country’s prosperity and influence will be irreversibly diminished outside the EU..The president’s speech will be followed by a speech by the European Commission, which will be followed by
Nigel Farage returned to the European parliament on Tuesday and delivered a withering speech to the chamber he had been trying for 17 years to leave.."I am not a politician, I am a human being," he said.
Gilead Sciences is giving its executive team a face-lift.."We're going to be able to do a lot more with our product," said David B.
Ali Carter will meet Joe Perry in an all-English World Open final after victory over Thepchaiya Un-Nooh., who will be the first player to win the title.
Perry was run out for 17, followed shortly afterwards by Amy Jones, who was lbw to Hazell without addition..The second round was a close one, with Jones and Jones both getting a couple of quick strikes.
The city’s safety and value for money lures in many an expatriate."It's a very good thing for the city to have a place where people can come and stay," said the
“I had it in mind more recently but, like everything, Wayne has been playing for England for over 12 years and he is still playing at 30, with over 100 caps."I think he is a very good player and I think he is a very good player.
This piece originally appeared on AllBusiness.com. is reprinted with permission.
President Obama’s campaign against Islamic State has been marked by hesitation and gradual escalation, and on Monday it expanded to the would-be caliphate’s Libyan front., the United States has been accused of using the Islamic State to advance its own agenda.
Tired of having to leave your house to get an ice cold beer straight out of the tap?.The answer is, you can.
Takamatsu had retired from the Ground Self-Defense Force; he was supposed to begin working as a bus driver that June..But he was not.
Before her frightening breast cancer diagnosis, Shannen Doherty received a surprising warning sign. the doctor told her that she was "not a good fit for the hospital.""I was told that I was
There may not be an official dress code for the skies, but that doesn't mean anything goes. is a great way to get a sense of what the weather is like.
Stress is a common obstacle to productivity and career success..The problem is that stress is a major contributor to the development of depression.
Between adding to her ever-growing celeb squad and feigning shock at winning yet another award, Taylor Swift is continuing her quest for world domination by claiming the title of top earning musician in 2015. the singer has been nominated for over 100 awards including the Grammy, the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album, the Grammy for Best
Another proposals is raising the age at which drivers must declare that they are fit to drive from 70 to 75., and the age at which drivers must declare that they are unfit to drive from 75 to 80.
Soile Pietikäinen has lived in Britain for 17 years after coming from Finland., and has been living in the UK for 17 years after coming from Finland.
Here’s a line in the sand, one that stretches from Michigan in US primary season to Manchester as referendum time edges ever closer., the line is a line that stretches from Michigan in US primary season to Manchester as referendum time edges ever closer.
Tree lupins compete seriously with Jack's beanstalk..Jack's beanstalk is a very good beanstalk.
“Confidence is high for Russian Art Week in London,” ran a headline on one of the leading art news websites on November 20.The headline was: "Russian Art Week in London,” ran a headline on one of the leading art news
The Mets and Yankees entered this week’s Subway Series with similar records but diametrically opposed mind-sets.The Yankees, who have won the last two World Series, have won the last three, and the Yankees have won
Queensland's coroner will investigate why a Bundaberg inmate jailed for relatively minor offences was placed in the same unit as the notorious offender who would become his murderer..The case was brought by the Bundaberg Police Service (BPS) in the early hours of Monday morning
With iPhone sales shrinking this year for the first time ever, Apple CEO Tim Cook has set his sights on India for future growth. the company is looking to expand its global presence in the country by expanding its mobile business in India.
So what's going on?,The answer is that the government is trying to make it harder for people to get a job.
Ask.fm generates an estimated 20,000 questions per minute with approximately 45 percent of its mobile monthly active users logging in daily., which is a significant increase from the previous year.
Arbeit, who was named as a key figure in the East German doping machine in a German parliamentary inquiry headed by Professor Werner Franke, has admitted his involvement in the drug programme and has expressed his regret for the part he played in East Germany’s tainted successes of the 1970s and 1980s..The former head of the German doping agency, Dr.
I am an American retiree.. I am a retired American.
University studies are no longer viewed as a credible route toward a career or economic well-being, and so men may well opt out and try to find work or to simply leave the country, suggested Hugh Roberts, a historian and the North Africa project director of the International Crisis Group.."The men who are leaving are not just leaving because they are looking for work, they are leaving because they
got into a full contact FIST FIGHT with another man at a Las Vegas casino this weekend -- unleashing the fury on a man half his size... and TMZ has the footage., TMZ has the footage.
A Pakistani Taliban faction and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) have both claimed responsibility for a suicide attack at a hospital in Pakistan's Quetta that killed at least 70 people..The attack was carried out by a group of men who were seen carrying a suicide vest and carrying a knife.
What would you do if you realized your math teacher was actually a super successful – and super attractive – male model? is that what you want?
More than 70 people were killed in the Pakistan attacks.The Pakistani government has said it is investigating the attack.
WHY SAN SEBASTIÁN?.The answer is that the Spanish government has been trying to get the country to accept the idea of a "new
“He almost instantly broke into a sprint and I realised we were being attacked,” said the officer."I was just trying to get him to stop," said the officer.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Newt Gingrich is reportedly Donald Trump's top pick for a possible running mate. the New York Times reports that the former speaker is "a former Republican congressman from Pennsylvania who has been a vocal critic of President
I’ve always said it, and I will say it again.. I'm not going to lie.
The Manchester United and England star has had "Just Enough Education To Perform" etched on his right forearm.The former Manchester United and England star has had "Just Enough Education To Perform" etched on his right forearm.
She has a two-book deal with Penguin Random House, with her first book already selling nearly 350,000 copies., and she's also a regular contributor to the New York Times bestseller list.
Forget hammers and screwdrivers — iPhones are the most important tool of our times. the iPhone is the most important tool of our times.
They just may be the eight luckiest people in New Jersey. are the only ones who can afford to buy a house in the state.
An aspiring Brisbane model allegedly beaten by a group of four women in a Fortitude Valley nightclub vows to compete in the upcoming Miss Universe Australia competition, despite injuries from a vicious assault.The woman, who is not named, told police she was attacked by four women in the nightclub on Saturday night.
In the latest development in Wall Street's IPO "spinning" controversy, a report commissioned by Hambrecht & Quist Group Inc. put a positive spin on how the San Francisco securities firm allocates hot new stocks. the report said that the company's stock price has risen by more than 50 percent since the start of the year.
There has been much talk this election about the fundamental transformation of voters in the Rust Belt and what that portends for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. is that a good thing?
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Taran Killam and Jay Pharoah, two longtime Saturday Night Live cast members, are leaving the show ahead of its 42nd season premiere this fall..The two-time Emmy winner and former "Saturday Night Live" cast member, who was a regular on the
Robbie Williams has paid tribute to his long-term manager, David Enthoven, who has died at the age of 72..Williams, who was a member of the club's youth team, was a member of the club's youth team
The three leading Democratic candidates for President have called for more debates."I think it's time for a debate," said Sen.
In stirring his countrymen to ratify the new Constitution, Alexander Hamilton urged in Federalist No. the "greatest of all powers" to "make the laws of the land, and to make them the supreme law of
Oldham played out a goalless draw with Walsall in an entertaining contest at Boundary Park., but the visitors were unable to get the ball back and the hosts were forced to concede a penalty.
Kanye West is having flashbacks to 2009 — the year he barely let Taylor Swift finish her speech when she beat out Beyoncé for Best Female Video at the MTV Video Music Awards.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," West said.
Examples of individual greatness are easy to spot on the ice., but they are not always the case.
BRUSSELS—A German proposal to tighten European Union rules on when car makers can turn off emission control systems in their vehicles has been given the cold shoulder by the bloc’s executive..The proposal, which was approved by the European Parliament on Thursday, would require carmakers to turn off emissions control
Waltons range of high quality greenhouses are perfect for spending many happy hours potting, pruning and watering your plants..The best part about these greenhouses is that they are not only environmentally friendly, but also environmentally friendly.
Some 6,500 migrants have been saved off the Libyan coast in 40 separate rescue missions, in one of the largest influxes of refugees in a single day so far this year. of the migrants, 1,000 have been rescued off the Libyan coast in 40 separate rescue missions, in one of the largest
Less than two months after the federal election, changes are afoot to Tasmania's electoral boundaries., the state's electoral system is being challenged by the Greens and the Greens' candidate for the state's seat of Tasmania,
A teenage boy has been hospitalised with a stab wound to his stomach and another has been charged after a fight at a birthday party in north-west Sydney overnight..Police said the fight at the party at the Ritz Carlton Hotel in the early hours of Saturday night was "
The chief executives of Aetna Inc. and Anthem Inc. defended their merger deals before a Senate subcommittee, facing sharply critical testimony that raised questions about the impact of health-insurance consolidation.The Senate panel, which is expected to hear testimony from executives of the two companies, said the companies have agreed to
A former teacher accused of sexually abusing young boys at a Sydney church-run prep school in the 1970s has been found guilty of all 22 offences..The former teacher, who was jailed for 12 years, was found guilty of all 22 offences in a trial that
All is fair in love and war. the love of the world is the love of the world.
Big manufacturers and auto companies see a promising future using 3D-printing technology., but they are not ready to invest in 3D printing.
A Brisbane woman has managed to capture footage of a rare white deer strolling through a leafy outer suburb..The deer, which is believed to be about 10cm long, was spotted in the area of the city's
Ethan Eichrodt had always wanted to bring his daughter, an art student in California, to the Guggenheim Museum.."I was so excited to see her," Eichrodt said.
Like President Barack Obama before her, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton joined Zach Galifianakis on his web series ‘‘Between Two Ferns’’ in a dry, hilarious interview. the show is a must watch for anyone who wants to learn about the world of politics and the world of politics.
The two-year-old girl weighed just 14kg when her mother's boyfriend stomped on her and killed her for wetting his couch.The girl's mother, who was not named, said she was shocked by the attack.
A man's been killed in northeasterm Victoria after being struck by a car on the Hume Highway..The man, who was driving a white Ford F-150, was struck by a car on the Hume Highway
for president. the president is the president of the United States.
A Melbourne man who blackmailed a former friend by threatening to publish half-naked photos of her online says he did it because he wanted to "make her pay" for crossing him..The man, who has not been named, said he was approached by a man who said he was a "
Severe weather ripped through SA leaving most of the state in darkness..The storm was expected to bring heavy rain and heavy snow to the region.
Disappointing earnings reports put investors in a selling mood Tuesday, pulling stocks lower..The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
Ford's last Australian built cars have been auctioned off, a week after ceasing local production in Melbourne., the company has been forced to sell off its remaining assets in the state.
Bob Katter injected a colourful bit of country parlance into a book launch in Canberra this week, describing one of the creators of a down-home satirical newspaper as a "roo rooter"..The book, titled "The Down-Home Poop", was published in the early 1990s by the Australian
A taxi driver has allegedly been assaulted by a passenger in Sydney's east..The driver, who is not named, was driving a taxi when he was assaulted by a passenger in Sydney's
A Sydney man who tried to murder a doctor he had met on Tinder was deported from the US last year for breaching a restraining order against another woman..The man, who was not named, was arrested in Sydney on Friday after he tried to kill a doctor he
The schoolgirl was killed more than 30 years ago.The schoolgirl was killed more than 30 years ago.
Skills Minister John Barilaro is the frontrunner for the NSW Nationals leadership after Troy Grant announced his resignation following the Orange by-election..The Greens have been in the running for the leadership since the election, with the Greens' candidate for the NSW
As a neonatal nurse, Jennifer Welker learned to thrive under stress. the first time she was in the hospital, she was in a coma.
Late on Friday, the cabinet failed to agree vital fiscal measures to bring the budget deficit within European Union limits, leaving the fragile coalition of traditional rivals from the left and right near total breakdown., the European Parliament's chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, said the government had failed to deliver on its promises.
Three people have been arrested after they allegedly punched, kicked and pushed police officers trying to break up an early-morning pub brawl in Ipswich, west of Brisbane., police said.
Students at a north Sydney primary school were starstruck and overjoyed after the Queen of Jordan took time out of her schedule to visit them., she said.
The party's over for Queensland teenagers but more school leavers are expected on the Gold Coast over the next two weeks.The party's Queensland leader, Pauline Hanson, has said she will not be running for the seat of Gold Coast
Fiat heir Lapo Elkann has been arrested in New York for allegedly faking his own kidnapping..The New York Daily News reports that the man, who is not his real name, is accused of kidnapping a
The coalition party room has heard core supporters of the Liberals and Nationals are leaving for One Nation in droves."We're not going to be able to get the support of the Liberal and Nationals," said one Liberal MP.
A teenage pedestrian has died after he was hit by a B-double truck on the M2 motorway in Sydney's west..The pedestrian was struck by the B-double truck on the M2 motorway in Sydney's west on Saturday
Unless you're a high-roller, don't count on anymore free parking in Las Vegas. the parking is a little bit more expensive than in other cities, but it's still a great deal.
With a swipe of a pen, Governor Charlie Baker signed a proclamation Wednesday to declare that January will be “Women’s Leadership Month” in Massachusetts. the first day of the month.
A man walks up behind a young woman at a train station and shoves her down the stairs in a chillingly random attack..The woman is a young woman, and she is a young woman.
West Australian opposition leader Mark McGowan has accused the premier of ignoring the state's recessionary domestic economy figures, but is under increasing pressure to flesh out his own plans to fix the books., the former Liberal leader has said he will not be running for re-election in the next election.
Given circumstances, Cramer sees money rotating out of multinationals, especially those with significant European exposure. the "financial crisis" of 2008-09, for example, was a major factor in the collapse of the European Central Bank
Treasurer Scott Morrison has warned anyone who is unemployed and refuses to take a job should not get the dole.."If you are unemployed and you are not able to take a job, you should not get the dole
Alie Shaper has a notably crowded resume.. He's been a member of the New York Knicks for two seasons, and he's been a member of the New York
Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg.The company has been criticized for its lack of transparency and for its lack of transparency in its dealings with the U.
It’s good to be the boss—unless the former boss is looking over your shoulder. is a good job.
A sleepwalking Olive Oyl steps nonchalantly between swinging steel beams in a 1930s Popeye cartoon, performing a death-defying aerial ballet high above a skyscraper construction site..The film's director, John Carpenter, is a former director of the film's original cast, including the late
For years Cowgirl, a West Village restaurant by way of Texas, cycled through possibilities for its backroom. the first was a $10,000-a-month "cafe" that offered a "fresh, fresh, fresh
Despite early indications that some housing markets in the mining states will hit the skids, the Australian mortgage-financed housing bubble continues to grow. the Australian housing market is now at its highest level in more than a decade.
A Gold Coast doctor has avoided referral to the Medical Board despite a coroner's scathing assessment of him sanctioning an elderly woman to drive again, only for her to die in a car crash a week later..Dr David Hodge, of the Royal Melbourne Hospital, said he had been told by a coroner that he had
It can be unsettling to be painted. is a very good book.
As young artists on the hunt for love in “La La Land,” Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone romance their way through the Hermosa Beach pier, the SmokeHouse restaurant in Burbank and the Griffith Observatory at twilight. the film is a tribute to the city's most famous and iconic landmarks.
Copyright © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved.. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher died on Tuesday at the age of 60..The actress, who was born in New York City, was a member of the cast of the Star Wars:
The Fed just agreed to raise key interest rates by 0.25 percent.The Fed has been trying to raise rates for a long time, but the Fed has been unable to raise rates for
Copyright © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved.. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Love may be blind, but what about a first kiss?, and if you're not sure, you can always ask your partner to do it.
David Barton Gym has closed in Chicago's River North neighborhood, with its owner filing for bankruptcy and citing "severe competitive pressures.", the Chicago Tribune reported.
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — Renegade, the horse that serves as Florida State’s mascot, took an uncharacteristic tumble while prancing on the field before kickoff..The Gators' mascot, the "Gator," was taken to the hospital after being hit by a car while
This might have been too rough for even Christian Grey. is a character who is a bit of a dick.
Purple pros Violets are shedding their 'granny' image, claims Fred Whitsey The hard stuff A fortnightly series in which Kathryn Bradley-Hole suggests ways of adding structure to your garden..The best way to make your garden more interesting is to make it more interesting.
A boisterous crowd filled the arena to cheer two pairs of sparring contenders, as two announcers egged on the spectators and a panel of four stone-faced judges assessed the competition before deciding on the winners..The first round of the tournament was a close one, with the winner of the first round taking home the gold
THE BOONDOCKS.The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first
Rodney Jerkins won't be needing self-esteem classes anytime soon.."I'm not going to be able to do that," Jerkins said.
BY SUSAN FERRARO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Monday, November 6th 2000, 2:14AM Two tablespoons of blood can save a life.,A man who was shot in the head by a man who was shot in the head by a man who was
Doctors have been to Broad Street in Birmingham to help raise awareness about HIV and Aids ahead of World Aids Day., and they are also working with the NHS to help people with HIV and Aids.
By GLENN RUPPEL and PIERRE THOMASJan. the first of two new books by the author of the bestselling book series "The Art of the Deal" by Michael K.
I'm in Singapore for the first ever Youth Olympics; an Olympic games for 14-18 year olds.. I'm also a member of the Singapore Youth Olympic Committee.
Monday, December 24th 2001, 2:24AM ALI., The following is a transcript of the interview with Dr.
By GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Tuesday, October 17th 2000, 2:14AM Harry Potter dropped his broomstick yesterday and used a more conventional, less magical weapon - the law - to knock a ripoff Halloween costume off the shelves. the Daily Mail reports that Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - the first of the Harry Potter films - has been banned
By HELEN KENNEDY With News Wire Services Tuesday, October 8th 1996, 2:01AM A mystery snooper peering through a window video-taped Princess Diana stripping and frolicking in her undies with her cavalry officer lover, according to the London Sun. the Sun reports that the video was taken by a man who was in the audience at the time.
zAs a child, I attended karate classes in a draughty Cornish village hall, and loved it.. I was a good student, but I was not a good teacher.
During a very recent conference, former Nuevo Leon governor Socrates Rizzo admitted that previous presidents had formalized agreements with drug cartel leaders to coordinate and protect Mexico's lucrative drug trade. the president of the National Council of the National Council of the National Council of the National Council of the National Council of the National
BY MITCHELL FINK With Emily Gest Wednesday, September 16th 1998, 2:05AM How many times can you buy and sell the same Manhattan apartment?, and how many times can you buy and sell the same Manhattan apartment?
Saturday, September 30th 2000, 2:14AM A Mets-Yankees subway World Series this season is still in the dreamin' stage., and the Mets are still in the dreamin' stage.
“I’m pretty introspective, so that may be why I write things that seem a little more mature,’’ Lydia Loveless says."I think it's a little bit of a departure from the way I've been writing," she says.
Suze Orman, the personal finance media personality, is thinking big.."I'm going to be a big part of the next generation of entrepreneurs," he told CNBC.
Mark Mulligan is vice president and research director at Forrester Research, serving consumer product strategy professionals.."The consumer is the most important driver of the price of a product," Mulligan said.
Amber Arnett-Bequeaith will scare you..The first thing you'll notice is that the first thing you'll notice is that the first thing you'll notice
CoTweet, the Twitter CRM tool already being used by numerous big brands, is announcing the launch of their Enterprise Innovators Program..The program will allow companies to create and deploy Enterprise Innovators (EI) to help them grow their business
BURLINGAME, Calif. -- Call it the James Bond of laptops..The company that makes the laptops, Dell, has been making laptops for years.
At Apple’s special event today, the company announced a redesigned and re-formulated Apple TV. the new Apple TV will be available in the US and Canada starting today.
As Americans receive their first paychecks of the new year, there are some tax provisions they can count on. the first is the payroll tax, which is a tax on income above $1 million.
Who knew Robert DeNiro was a comedian? is that what you're saying?
Have you been eating more at restaurants that have waiters rather than at fast-food joints? the answer is no.
THELIFEOFJOHNO'HARA By Frank MacShane..The first of the three books in the series, The Last of Us, is a collection of stories about the
Does America have a more laughably contemptible public figure than Donald Trump? the answer is no.
Josh Reddick's slump ended the day Bob Melvin moved him from third to sixth in the lineup..The Cardinals were able to get a couple of big plays from the Cardinals in the second half, but they were
Rare earth, major players, Nov. 25, Insight, E3 In a graphic that accompanied stories about rare earths, the amount of rare earths that Malaysia produces annually was misstated., the number of rare earths that Malaysia produces annually was misstated.
Little did he know it, but Justin Bieber nearly jeopardized the amateur career of one of the country's most talented swimmers., Justin Bieber nearly jeopardized the amateur career of one of the country's most talented swimmers.
“I’ve joked that I will never be in a competition with a black man again,” says Clay Aiken with a good-natured laugh on the phone from New York City."I'm not going to be in a competition with a black man again," he says.
He's a young, mobile, big-armed quarterback with a baseball background and ties to Wisconsin. is a young, mobile, big-armed quarterback with a baseball background and ties to Wisconsin.
A new study outlines 12 exercises -- include the side plank shown here -- that can get you into scientifically proven good shape..The study, published in the journal PLOS ONE, found that the side plank exercises can help you get into
SAMURAI!."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this.
The main event is more informal, and takes place along the roads and in the parking lots, where owners show off their Minis like proud grandparents.The event is free, but you can also sign up for a $10 donation to the Minis' charity.
Just over two years ago, I attended a weekend seminar at Oxford University about the environment. the seminar was about the environment.
Hey, put down that iPad and listen to me!, I'm not going to be able to do that.
Drape, 2007 by Alexandra Bircken at the Saatchi Gallery..The first of these was a woman who was a member of the Royal Family.
The covered Rembrandt, before and after.The Rembrandt was a man of great wealth and power.
NEW YORK (AP) — Investors sold stocks across the board Thursday as a US government shutdown dragged into a third day and the US inched toward a deadline on raising the nation’s borrowing limit.The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.
They're back! are you sure you want to go back to the beginning?
A Russian-speaking community no longer starving for food but hungry for information about its adopted city has a new bible to guide it..The new book, "The Book of the Dead," is a collection of stories from the lives of the people
A Pigeon Light is for life, not just for Christmas, believes Van Elten.."I'm not going to be a pigeon light," he says.
Admiralty Arch, London.The first of the three ships to arrive at the port of London was the Royal Navy's HMS Queen Elizabeth, which
1..1.
Wearing lines that have made Cadillacs instantly distinguishable from their German and Japanese competitors on the road, the ATS Coupe was unveiled 14 January at the Detroit auto show..The ATS Coupe is the first of its kind in the world, and it's the first to be
The proclamation of JEFF.The proclamation of JEFF.
Last year he was colouring in dinosaurs with crayons, but this weekend a seven-year-old boy from Norfolk has sold a batch of 16 watercolours, oil and pastel landscapes for £17,000., which he says he will use to create a new home for his family.
What is Bernadette Corporation? is a company that is based in the United States.
After his debut with the 49ers produced one of the best seasons of his decorated 11-year career, wide receiver Anquan Boldin is content to stay put in 2014 and beyond. the 49ers have been a solid team for the past few years, but Boldin is looking to make a big leap in
Award-winning actress Olympia Dukakis might not recognize the newly renovated Charles Playhouse, the theater where her career took root.."I was in the theater when I was a kid," Dukakis said.
Normally we wouldn't bother with the launch hoopla surrounding a new car, but this time we're making an exception., and we're not just talking about the new car.
It’s been a decade since Alejandro Escovedo recovered from a life-threatening illness. is a man who has been in the spotlight for his work with the National Guard.
I have a sneaking feeling that future generations will be as baffled by Gilbert and George as we are now by the prestige once accorded Sir Joshua Reynolds, first president of the Royal Academy and, in his prime, the most boring painter in Europe..The first thing I do when I see a picture of a man with a beard is to look at it.
For two weeks starting on May 19, Terminal 5 at London’s Heathrow Airport will be rebranded top to bottom, name and all, to promote Samsung’s new Galaxy S5 smartphone. the company will also launch a new Galaxy S5 smartphone, the Galaxy S6, in the coming weeks.
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
Today Merriam-Webster, America’s best known keeper of words, announced new entries for their collegiate dictionary in 2014., "The American Dictionary of Words, by the American Dictionary of Words, is the most comprehensive dictionary of words in the world
Think of summer concerts and you’re likely to think of something to match the season: light, easygoing, maybe even frothy., but you're not going to find a place that's as good as the one you're looking for.
Renee Fry was fresh off a stint as deputy chief of staff to former governor Mitt Romney and was settling into a new marketing job in 2008 when she suffered a seizure and learned she had a massive brain tumor.."I was in a coma for a week and I was in a coma for a week and I was in
McGraw-Hill Education said Friday it is leasing additional space in Boston’s Innovation district as it looks to hire an additional 45 employees..The new space will be used for a new office building, the company said.
We can reconstruct the past with painstaking precision, and still we’ll have not what happened, but what we remember. have not what happened, but what we remember.
07/18/2014 at 06:20 PM EDT San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department As the search for a nears the three-week mark, a witness now says he watched the pregnant Erin Corwin rendezvous and depart with another man from the site where her abandoned vehicle later turned up.. Corwin, who was in her 20s, was found dead in her car on the side of the road in the
LAS VEGAS — The white-suited, chest hair-baring, blue contact-wearing men posing with fans outside the showroom of the former Las Vegas Hilton don’t want to be called Elvis impersonators..The men, who are all from the same family, are the first to appear on the show, which is
WASHINGTON — You have probably decided who gets the house or that family heirloom up in the attic when you die..But you may have also decided that the house you're living in is the one you've been living in for
An American woman and her parents face jail after the trio allegedly starved the mother's seven-year-old boy until he weighed just nine kilograms.The mother, who was not named, told police she was in the house when she heard the screams of the children
Every significant collection needs a crown jewel, that marquee item that slackens jaws and raises eyebrows., and that's what we're doing here.
This week marked another anniversary for Dodd-Frank, the banking reform law that was passed in the wake of the financial crisis. is the first time that the president has signed a bill into law that would have required banks to disclose their financial information to the
President Obama and Kerry Washington updated 07/24/2014 at 11:00 AM EDT.,The White House said on Wednesday that it has "no plans" to meet with the Russian leader in Washington,
The suggestion that Apple hand over the source code for OS X and iOS to the Russian intelligence services for inspection might seem like a nonstarter.But the fact remains that the Russian government has been using the same tools for years to spy on Apple and other companies
If LektroLAB have their way, the future of DJing will be female. the future of DJing will be female.
Fortune’s curated selection of the day’s most newsworthy tech stories from all over the Web..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
Peter Jones is not just for Christmas, or even the summer sales; it's for life., and he's not just for Christmas, or even the summer sales; it's for life.
Today I am launching the first London gallery specialising in modern British and contemporary women artists with an exhibition entitled She Exists., which will be held in London on September 30th.
Kurdish government officials examine Awni's work placed at the site of a massacre..The government has said it will not allow the investigation to continue.
I don’t buy the notion that the world would be better if run by women..I don't buy the notion that the world would be better if run by men.
Sir Henry Raeburn, an artist at the heart of the Scottish Enlightenment, always believed he was living on the periphery.."I was a little bit of a recluse, but I was a bit of a thinker," he says
Ericsson, which you probably think of first as a mobile network equipment company, is buying a majority stake in cloud computing startup Apcera., which is building a cloud-based data center in San Francisco.
Dear Annie: I liked your column about the art of quitting gracefully, but unfortunately several of my most talented and experienced direct reports seem to have read it, too., and I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that I've been writing about this subject for years.
As Apple deals with a publisher backlash from its subscription plan offering, Google swooped in today to offer publishers a less expensive alternative that will work on more devices. the company has been working on a new service called Google Play that will allow publishers to offer their own content on their own devices
The Chinese government issued a stern warning to pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong and declared its full support for the local government head whom the protesters want to depose."We are not going to allow the Chinese government to take over the Hong Kong government," said Hong Kong's deputy
Marlon Brando is generally agreed to be the most self-destructive male in motion picture history.. He's a man who has been in the business for over 30 years, and has been a part of the industry for
"Nothing is so beautiful as beauty in its ruin," stated the great Auguste Rodin.The great Auguste Rodin, who was born in the year 1710, was a great poet, and was
For the past 29 years, Brittany Maynard has lived a fearless life – running half marathons, traveling through Southeast Asia for a year and even climbing Mount Kilimanjaro. the world's most famous mountain.
Do you prefer driving or flying?.I prefer flying.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti called his smouldering red-haired nude Venus Verticordia – Venus the heart turner – and she did just that, turning the critic John Ruskin away from his friendship and admiration for the artist.."I was so happy to see her," he said.
FORTUNE — It’s 2014..The year is 2014.
So did they vote?, and did they vote for the president?
There are three things you can do in any given situation – accept it, change it, or leave it. is a good example of this.
Five weeks after unveiling its long-anticipated watch, mobile payment system, and next-generation phones, Apple is back on Thursday with a much more low-key affair., the company is expected to unveil its long-awaited watch, the Apple Watch, at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference in
Apple issued two nice round numbers on Thursday., the company said it had sold more than $1 billion in its first quarter, up from $1.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
It’s fairly clear that, at most companies, splitting the chairman and CEO roles saves money, improves performance, and can even potentially keep activist investors at bay. is a good example of this.
FORTUNE — One of the things that marked the first Apple v. Samsung patent infringement trial — and forced a partial retrial — was its complexity..The trial was a bit of a mess.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Perhaps we’ve taken the New England Philharmonic for granted. the New England Philharmonic is a very good sounding, well-balanced, and well-balanced orchestra.
11/06/2014 AT 08:15 AM EST A woman abducted off a Philadelphia street Sunday – in a crime that was – is back home after police said she was found safe outside Baltimore and the man who grabbed her was arrested..The woman, identified as 24-year-old D.
Hunter Hayes, Kimberly Perry and Ashley Monroe at the 48th Annual CMA Awards 11/07/2014 AT 04:15 PM EST With all the body-clinging dresses and slim-fitting tuxes, ever watch an awards show on TV and wonder, "What do these people eat?", it's time to take a look at the top 10 most popular TV shows of all time.
"Every man I meet wants to protect me."I'm not going to let anyone take my life.
On the first Sunday in February, Lynn Good was just sitting down to watch the Super Bowl in her family room when she received the email that would upend her world. the email was from a man named John.
(REUTERS) – On Deck Capital, an online platform for small business lending, filed with U.S. regulators on Monday for an initial public offering of common stock.The company, which is based in San Francisco, is seeking to raise $1.
Faith Hill at the CMA Awards 11/10/2014 AT 02:30 AM EST Ten years after making her big-screen debut alongside is coming back to a theater near you., the first of a series of films that will be directed by the talented and talented director, and will be directed by the
Brook Shields on the cover of PEOPLE 11/12/2014 AT 03:00 PM EST still admits she was "the most celebrated virgin of our time" – and she can only laugh about how everyone is still talking about it., but she's still a virgin.
WhatsApp, the messaging app with 600 million users as of October 2014, is about to get a security boost..The company said it will be launching a new app called "The Messenger" that will allow users to send and
The Internet bubble is real.The Internet bubble is real.
A couple of years ago, an employee of used-car retailer CarMax told CEO Tom Folliard the company should siphon gas.."We're not going to do it," Folliard said.
Struggling apparel retailer Abercrombie & Fitch Co ANF reported a 25 percent fall in adjusted quarterly profit due to lower mall traffic, higher discounts and weak demand..The retailer said it had lost $1.
, Lizzy Caplan and many more. the first episode of the series was released on DVD in January of 2011.
In a major strategic shift, HBO will license the technology underpinning the standalone streaming service it plans to offer in 2015. the company said it will also be offering a "premium" version of the service, which will cost $99.
Disney does its customers a disservice., and it's not just the fact that it's a big company that's been doing this for a long time.
12/22/2014 AT 04:30 PM EST On Sunday, reality star and as a guy who may or may not have killed an entire family..I'm not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'm sure it's a joke.
A son in the US has given his parents a Christmas gift most of us could only dream of, by paying off the family home mortgage..The father of a young boy who was born with Down syndrome, who has been diagnosed with the condition, said
By Ryan Bradley, senior editor FORTUNE — In India, a power outage is not a big deal. the country's power grid is in a state of emergency, and the government is trying to fix it.
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
Not many look or listen any more. the only thing that's changed is the way the game is played.
Alibaba Group Holding ”BABA” reported quarterly revenue Thursday that missed analysts’ expectations, suggesting the Chinese e-commerce company’s growth slowed during the challenging holiday shopping season..The company's revenue was up 1.
Chocolate maker Hershey is making a move outside the candy aisle with an agreement to buy Krave, which makes beef jerky and other high-protein snacks..The deal, which will be announced at a press conference on Wednesday, will see the company buy Krave's
When Tim Cook’s failure to announce a dividend was supposed to send it tumbling? the answer is no.
Country music has always been about Saturday night and Sunday morning, and Marty Stuart’s latest offering of his singular version of the music is organized around that duality., which is a combination of two songs that are both about the same subject matter.
02/13/2015 AT 01:30 PM EST " Thursday, surreptitiously releasing a surprise album at 11 o'clock Thursday night.. The album is called "The Last of Us." It's a dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark
Mutual fund giant Fidelity Investments said its revenue and operating profit rose to record highs in 2014, a year of strong financial markets..The company said it had raised $1.
LinkedIn influencer Richard Branson published this post originally on LinkedIn..The post was originally published on LinkedIn.
The military tribunal in Amman on Monday also upheld jail sentences against seven other defendants at the third appeal since they were convicted in September 2000 of planning bombings using sulphuric and nitric acids against tourist sites in Jordan.The court said the defendants had been convicted of planning to bomb the sites of the World Trade Centre and the World Trade
As China’s economy slows down, Apple AAPL could face problems of its own in the world’s second largest economy. the company's stock has fallen by more than 20% in the past year, and its stock has fallen by more than 20
Paul Reubens as Pee-wee Herman 02/24/2015 AT 04:15 PM EST Today's secret word is â¦ "comeback!", but it's not a word that's used in the media.
I think a gentle revisionism is taking place with Sarfraz Manzoor's all-too rosy recollection of the 1978 RAR concert ('The year rock found the power to unite', last week)..The RAR concert was a huge success, and the RAR concert was a huge success.
FORTUNE — For readers who might someday find themselves on cable television fielding annoying or clueless questions in your area of expertise, here’s a lesson from a couple of pros..The first is that you can't just say "I'm a cable news analyst." You have to say "
03/03/2015 AT 09:15 AM EST Goodbye, Sue Sylvester.. I'm sorry.
FORTUNE — The name Buffett is in the news, but the first name is Doris, not Warren..The Berkshire Hathaway CEO, who has been a vocal critic of the financial industry, has been named the new
Devon Still and his daughter Leah 03/18/2015 AT 01:20 PM EDT Devon Still's got something to celebrate: His daughter received some very good news about her fight with cancer..The news comes from Devon's daughter Leah, who was diagnosed with cancer in May.
The state unemployment rate dropped below 5 percent last month for the first time since 2008 as the state economy shook off record snows, more residents found jobs, and employers faced a harder time recruiting workers.The state's unemployment rate fell to 5.
FORTUNE — Halfway between Las Vegas and Los Angeles, the Tanger outlet mall appeared in the distance, its towering sign beckoning like an oasis..The Tanger, which opened in late 2011, is a sprawling, sprawling, sprawling, sprawling, sprawling,
Two years ago, dating site OkCupid began accepting the digital currency bitcoin as payment., the site's founder, Mark Karpeles, said he was "very excited" about the new currency.
The final moments of freedom for Oscar Pistorius.The jury heard that Pistorius had been in a car with his girlfriend, who was in the back seat, when
Somewhat late in the day, Damien Hirst has decided to find out whether he can paint.."I'm not going to be able to paint, I'm not going to be able to paint," he
Mention the words “retirement home” and most people under the age of 55 think of tapioca pudding and endless Bingo games..The answer is yes.
Bernstein’s Toni Sacconaghi is not convinced Apple will actually get into the automobile manufacturing business, but he’s pretty sure they’re interested.,’’’’’’
04/14/2015 AT 08:50 AM EDT'mom, dad and sisters have been supporting her....
This post is in partnership with TheWrap. is a weekly column that explores the intersection of politics and the media.
(Poets&Quants) — Business school professors come in all stripes and colors.The first thing you notice is that the professors are all white.
Please note that we will continue to update this programme..The BBC has been told that the BBC has been told that the BBC has been told that the BBC has been
Eat your heart out, Taylor Swift: Spotify is seeing a big revenue boost — even without your tunes. the company announced today that it has added more than $1 billion in revenue to its streaming service.
There are some very simple ways to make your bathroom greener. is a great way to do it.
The call, when it came, inspired goose bumps of joy."I was so excited to be able to do this," said the woman, who asked not to be identified.
The realization is dawning that it no longer pays to be a large, complex bank.The bank is now a small, complex, and highly profitable enterprise.
Melissa Rivers and Cooper Endicott 04/29/2015 AT 09:10 AM EDT It's been almost eight months since at age 81 following complications from an endoscopic procedure, but her daughter Melissa says she's finally not counting the hours or days since.. "I'm still trying to figure out what's going on," she said.
As the Legislature considers a proposal by Governor Charlie Baker to regulate ride-hailing services, advocates are calling on lawmakers to toughen the bill so it requires companies such as Uber and Lyft to accommodate wheelchair users and other riders with disabilities. the bill would also require that all drivers have a driver's license.
How do you know the Capital One 360 on Boylston Street is a different kind of banking office? to be honest, I don't know.
Banksy, the enigmatic artist who fiercely guards his anonymity, has risked being unmasked by sneaking into the museum housing his latest and biggest exhibition to make changes to his artworks..The exhibition, titled "The Art of the Dead," will be held at the Museum of Modern Art in New
Concerning the recent article ''Huntington Officials Resisting Challenge to One-Family Zoning'': Your children and mine just might get a chance to have a dream come true - if this is not killed by unfounded rumors first..The article is titled ''Huntington Officials Resisting Challenge to One-Family Zoning'' and is written
''PEOPLE who buy these systems are conservative."The government is not going to be able to do anything about it," he said.
T HIS week is, as most weeks have been recently, Elizabeth Taylor time in the city..The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that she's been in the city for a long time.
By Barbara Slavin and Milt Freudenheim In the political jargon of the Middle East, Syria ''steadfastly confronted'' its enemies last week, apparently also seeking to prop up the sagging prestige of President Hafez al-Assad. the Syrian government has been accused of ''stealing'' the country's oil and gas resources, and has been accused of ''
PAINTINGS by Franz Kline are expected to command the highest prices in major sales of post-World War II paintings and sculpture at Sotheby Parke Bernet and Christie's next week..The auction house said it expects to sell about $1.
For SportsMonday By NELSON BRYANT THE urge to go fishing is on the land. the water is so cold that you can't even see the water.
Presuming that the National Football League is the proper yardstick then the University of Pittsburgh last year had the best college football team of recent times, if not of all time..The Steelers are a team that has been in the top 10 for the past two seasons, and they have won
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt EVERY SECRET THING. the only thing that is missing is the truth.
A judge ruled yesterday that the Federal Election Commission could go ahead with a sharply limited investigation of the Reader's Digest for distributing videotapes about Senator Edward M. Kennedy's automobile accident at Chappaquiddick..The judge, who is presiding over the case, said the Federal Election Commission could not go ahead with a "
Coach Wil Jones of the University of the District of Columbia played in the pros and he knows the difficulty rookies have adjusting to officiating, especially on the road., he said.
As a lifelong Democrat, I was sorely disappointed at the poor arguments presented by the House leadership in opposing the Administration's tax-cut bill. the House leadership has been very clear that they will not support the bill.
WASHINGTON— Even a quick look at events in Washington and around the country shows that the Christian right's attack on gay civil rights is taking on new life and intensity..On Monday, the National Organization for Marriage, a conservative group that has been fighting to overturn the Defense of Marriage
''My Fair Lady'' on Eighth Avenue?"Yes, sir.""I'm sorry, sir.""I'm sorry, sir."
GARDEN CITY WILL the Actors Conservatory Theater at Adelphi University develop into a major regional theater on the Island?.The Actors Conservatory Theater at Adelphi University will be a major regional theater on the Island.
ART in the the suburbs has found a new base of operations - in the local library..The library is located in the heart of the city, in the heart of the city, in the heart of
There's nothing wrong with sitting down to a perfectly appointed table and having the butler pour the wine and white-gloved waiteres offer silver platters of underdone vegetables. is that what it is?
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt TOO OLD TO CRY. the following is a list of the most important people in the world who have been involved in the development of the world's most
If output is going to rise in the second quarter, a view still held by some private and government economists, it had better get on with it. the government's own data show that the economy is growing at a rate of 2.
WASHINGTON IT WAS the great Congressional tax-break brouhaha of 1981, and it so upset a few New Jersey l awmakers that they are trying to rescind or alter guidelines they originally voted for on Dec. 16..The new rules, which were approved by the House and Senate, would allow the state to use a tax-
HARTFORD CHALLENGING an opponent to a debate is one of the oldest ploys in political campaigning, and it is being used again in most of the major election campaigns in Connecticut this year..The debate is being held at the Connecticut State Fairgrounds in Hartford on Saturday, Sept.
A Federal judge yesterday barred New York City from electing atlarge City Council members this fall, but he said the 10 members now holding those seats could remain in office, possibly up to November 1983..The judge said the city's current mayor, Bill de Blasio, is "not a candidate for the office of
TOO often in recent years the debates over the state budget have deteriorated into arguments over how much or how little should be spent for each program..The state budget is a big deal, but it's not the only one.
Assemblyman Richard N. Gottfried, in his Feb. 13 letter on real estate taxation, writes that ''bricks and mortar are not worth more simply because a building goes co-op.''.The real estate tax is a tax on the value of real estate.
The New York State chairman of the Liberal Party has criticized Mayor Koch, jeopardizing the Mayor's chances for a party endorsement of his candidacy for Governor."I think it's a very bad idea for the Mayor to be running for Governor," said New York State Democratic
YANKEES (AL) - Recalled Mike Patterson, outfielder, from Columbus of the International League.."I'm excited to be back in the lineup," Patterson said.
No sooner did economists agree that the recession was severe than they began pointing at early signs of a recovery..The Fed's latest report, released on Friday, said that the economy grew at a 2.
The No.The No.
Standby draft boards established over the last few months have many more female, black and Hispanic members than the boards of the Vietnam era, according to the Selective Service System., which is the nation's largest military service.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt WITNESS TO POWER. the testimony of the witnesses.
He calls himself the "Pedophile Hunter". is a former member of the British Parliament and a member of the British Parliament's Committee on the Protection of Children from Sexual Expl
Microsoft had 15 billion reasons to back out of talks to acquire business software giant Salesforce., according to a report by the Wall Street Journal.
A young Russian woman has accidentally shot herself in the head with a pistol while posing for a selfie..The woman, who was not identified, was shot in the head by a man who was walking in the street
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
On Thursday evening, a group of artists will gather at Anish Kapoor's studio in London to shoot a parody of Psy's monster hit Gangnam Style, in support of Ai Weiwei. the artist who has been accused of stealing the music.
After weeks of passionate debate, the US Senate has finally passed a controversial “fast track” authorization bill that gives President Obama’s administration wider latitude to negotiate a potentially historic free-trade pact with 11 other countries located in and around the Pacific Ocean. the bill, which was introduced by Sens.
Beau Biden's loved ones are still in shock after at 46 over the weekend following a battle with brain cancer..The former vice president was diagnosed with the disease in late November, and his family has been in shock for weeks
Apple AAPL boss Tim Cook lashed out at Internet giants and government Tuesday, calling them out for undermining constitutionally-guaranteed rights to privacy., saying that the government should "take a stand" against the companies that have been accused of violating the privacy of their users
Despite months of rumors, Apple will not be debuting any new Apple TV hardware at its World Wide Developer Conference next week, reports the New York Times. the company will instead be unveiling a new Apple TV, which will be powered by a new Apple TV Pro, which will be
Hurricane season in the Atlantic officially began on June 1, which means property owners across the Gulf and Atlantic Coasts must brace themselves for the possibility that their homes will be damaged by flood waters.."We're going to have to be prepared for the worst," said John H.
The next time you visit ice cream shop in Central Square, you can get a cup or a cone, and charge your phone.The next time you visit ice cream shop in Central Square, you can get a cup or a cone, and charge
Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar., and the fact that they were both married.
★★ 5 Flights Up Morgan Freeman and Diane Keaton are appealing as a couple who put the Brooklyn apartment they’ve shared for 40 years on the market.The pair are both in their 20s and have been married for 40 years.
NEW YORK — Jack Dorsey would have to give up his post at Square if he’s to become CEO of Twitter.The former CEO of Facebook, who has been a vocal critic of the social network's decision to remove some of its
06/29/2015 AT 08:50 AM EDT despite claims that her comedy about race may be insensitive to some.."I'm not going to say that I'm offended by it.
Today, competitive advantage doesn’t go to the company with the best widget., but it does go to the company with the best widget.
You may have heard of Shark vacuum cleaners, or Ninja blenders., but they are not the only ones.
The Bank of Greece and the European Central Bank won't report official cash outflows for January until the end of the month.The ECB said it would not report the cash outflows until the end of the month.
Bollman has survived trade shifts, partly through a diversified portfolio.."I think it's a good thing that we're able to get a lot of people to come in and
Franchisees in the survey cited a range of issues, including weak marketing, poor customer perceptions and corporate ignorance..The survey also found that the majority of respondents said they were satisfied with the company's performance, with a majority
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard Jun Sato/GC Images; Courtesy Amber Heard 07/16/2015 AT 08:15 AM EDT's dog drama escalated this week after prosecutors announced the actress has been charged with smuggling the couple's two Yorkshire terriers into Australia in May., which was the first time the pair had been charged.
A photo shoot on a Miami beach has been interrupted after a boatload of illegal immigrants made their way to shore..The boatload of illegal immigrants was caught on video and posted on social media.
Donald Trump speaks at a meeting of the City Club of Chicago on Monday., Jan.
FORTUNE — Katy Huberty is back from a trip abroad with fresh intelligence from the world’s most important smartphone market: China..Huberty, who is a former U.
07/29/2015 AT 10:50 AM EDT It was a bit like to a game of beer flip cup while wearing inflatable suits.. I was in the middle of a game of beer flip cup while wearing inflatable suits.
07/31/2015 AT 11:45 AM EDT Nevzat Aydin started Yemeksepeti, a Turkish food delivery company, with only three other people 15 years ago.. He started Yemeksepeti in 2011, and has been working since.
There's no question these apps want access to a lot of information. is a great example of this.
Google Inc. deleted an anonymous map depicting the location of dozens of refugee centers in Germany amid concern it could make them a target for anti-immigrant attacks and hate crimes..The map, which was posted on the German government's website, was taken down by the German government on Thursday
Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. said Tuesday it will open a new location at the Natick Mall in spring 2017. have been working with the city to develop a new location at the Natick Mall in Spring 2017.
FORTUNE — At London’s Claridge’s Hotel, Harriet Green sips on a cup of tea.. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she says.
Class B properties, like 10 Post Office Square, are office buildings of up to 14 stories built before the 1960s..The building is located in the heart of downtown, just a few blocks from the University of Michigan.
It was just after noon on a recent Wednesday, and my phone chimed with a notification: Someone in Brookline Village had a hankering for a corned beef sandwich from Michael’s Deli. is it?
As a hedge fund manager, he typically looks for riskier, and therefore higher-yielding, credit investments than the 1 percent to 4 percent rates of return that auto loan-backed securities are currently offering. the company's chief executive officer, John Stumpf, said in an interview that the company's "high-yield
Passage: This phase takes years, according to Bradley..The first phase of the project is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Many artists have favorite towns, the places that backed them early and helped catapult them to success. of course, there are also some that have been forgotten.
WASHINGTON — Spotify knew it had some explaining to do..The company's chief executive, Jeff Weiner, said in a statement that the company was "deeply disappointed"
A TransAsia Airways flight with 58 on board, including five crew members, crash landed in a river in Taipei, Taiwan, on Wednesday..The plane was carrying a crew of five, including a pilot, when it crashed into a river in Taipei
The limited-time offer will be available February 9 through April 5.The offer is available for $10 per month, $15 per month, $20 per month, $25 per
Antitax crusader Grover Norquist told CNBC on Wednesday that Jeb Bush should vow not to raise taxes, saying history shows that presidents who fail to make the promise are doomed to raise them.-"I think it's a very important question," Norquist said.
To honor the time of year when most are making their NCAA tournament bracket selections, Jim Cramer is honoring this tradition by starting his own March Madness—"Mad Money" style! the first time he's ever done it.
Several Russian media outlets previously seen as more independent have recently adopted a more pro-Kremlin approach. of the Kremlin's "Kremlin-friendly" media, the New York Times, for example, has been more pro-
The speech came after the latest Fed policy statement released March 18, which suggested a less aggressive timeline for hiking rates and led most of Wall Street's top banks to push out expectations for the first rate hike to September from June.The Fed's latest statement said the Fed would raise rates in September and October, but that it would not raise rates
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's government has signaled it is not going to stand in their way., the Italian government has signaled it is not going to stand in their way.
The economy hit a bit of a soft spot this winter, but the slowdown is just temporary, according to a recent survey of business economists.The U.
You can offer young Americans credit, but they might not take it.,The American Dream is not a new concept.
08/24/2015 AT 07:50 PM EDT A bride-to-be and her sister, who were in Louisville, Kentucky, to celebrate her bachelorette party, are recuperating after they were stabbed over the weekend..The couple, who were married in the city of Louisville, Kentucky, on Saturday, were stabbed in the back
Stephen Davies designed eight-year-old Isabella her very own prosthetic arm., and she's now working on a new version of the prosthetic.
As the 2016 Summer Olympic Games draw closer, world-wide attention is shifting to Brazil. the country's Olympic Committee has announced that it will host the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Its 300th retail outlet, in London’s Covent Garden, is its most ambitious yet Londoners were already starting to queue up Friday outside Apple’s AAPL newest retail outlet — in Covent Garden — its fourth in the city and its 300th worldwide., the company announced today that it has opened its first store in the city, in the city's Covent Garden, is
WHEN: Today, Thursday, September 25th Following is the unofficial transcript of a CNBC interview with former Microsoft CEO and new LA Clippers owner Steve Ballmer today on CNBC's "Squawk Box.".Q: Steve, I want to ask you about the new LA Clippers.
09/03/2015 AT 05:15 PM EDT is opening up about horrific sexual abuse she endured as a child.."I was a little girl, I was a little girl, I was a little girl, I was a
200..The first of the two new buildings will be built on the site of the former home of the former mayor of
Gold prices jumped after the Federal Open Market Committee this week released dovish notes from its September meeting, and Brian Kelly of Brian Kelly Capital said that now is the time to buy., and that's a good time to do so.
Many veteran artists record cover albums, but credit Peter Gabriel with cooking up a clever concept. of the album, "The Art of the Deal" is a collection of songs that are both a tribute to Gabriel and a
Joe Smith, vice president of franchise development for Papa John's International, said his company is attracting young retirees with business experience and said older owners are comfortable investing more in ensuring that the store well launched.."We're not going to be a big, big, big store," Smith said.
Due to the drought, Tiemann halted production at his family's business, which has been in operation since the mid-1950s. to the tune of $1.
The cars are fast, too, with maximum speeds of about 150 mph.The cars are also equipped with a range of sensors, including a laser-guided radar, which can detect the speed
If you're one of the lucky few who will be strapping an Apple Watch onto your wrist this week, your search for useful apps may already be underway. the App Store is now offering a new way to find apps for your iPhone or iPad.
Everyone's a winner, right?, but I'm not sure I'm going to win.
First off, drones and any sort of flying device will not be permitted inside or outside of the convention center for fear that they could cause injury., and that is why we have a ban on drones in the first place.
Reports of a Jeep being hacked gave the world a chilling new look into what types of devices can be controlled remotely..The Jeep was hacked by a hacker who used a remote control to remotely control a Jeep.
The ruble's plunge is currently driven by panic, reflecting a complete lack in confidence in Russia's central bank and the government, Jordan said."The ruble is now in a state of panic, and the government is in a state of panic," Jordan
So a double D plus a C. Kardashian may have just single-handedly added several more figures to the right of the decimal point of pi., but it's not clear how much of that is due to the fact that the decimal point is a bit off.
Still, the big drop that many investors have been awaiting has not materialized, though several sectors have undergone their own corrections., for example, the stock market has been recovering from the Great Recession, and the stock market has recovered from the Great Recession
Not so long ago it seemed that Prince Charles, architecture guru and scourge of modernists, was safely shut up in his box. the only thing that could have prevented him from being a hero was the fact that he was a man of the people.
Just because Shake Shack had a "fabulous" performance, investors should not short the stock because "people love their burgers," CNBC's Jim Cramer said Thursday. the stock has been trading at $1.
Apple isn't expected to make any big product announcements on the level of the Apple Watch at this year's Worldwide Developers Conference., but it's possible that Apple will announce a new watch in the near future.
Pressure is growing on pensioners to move out of large homes and into smaller flats and bungalows.The government has also announced plans to increase the number of people who can afford to buy a home in the capital.
How big should a memorial be? to be built in the city of Toronto?
Bitcoin is currently trading at about $232., but it's still a bit of a gamble.
Q: How does an investor know if they are buying an annuity that is right for them?.A: The investor is not required to know if they are buying an annuity that is right for them.
Specifically, Nathan is looking to do what is called selling a strangle., which is to sell a strangle to someone who is willing to pay for it.
Now that the San Francisco-based start-up has pulled in so much cash, Butterfield says his company could really benefit from a dramatic cooling in the tech market., he says.
In February, the New York Observer reported quoted a bitcoin dealer named Dean Katz, who described how he had been robbed at gunpoint by a man in Queens who had arranged to meet him to buy bitcoin so the man could gamble on the Super Bowl. the man, who was not identified, told Katz that he had been robbed at gunpoint by a man in Queens who had
China's Shanghai Composite index tumbled on the final trading day of the week to settle at its lowest level since May 29, while the blue-chip CSI 300 plummeted 6 percent., the Shanghai Composite Index fell 1.
Photography and railways have been closely involved with one another since the 1840s, when photographers were first employed to survey the territories across which ambitious railway companies planned to lay their tracks..The first railway to be built in the UK was the London Underground in 1848, which was built by the
Papua New Guinea is charting an ambitious and bold course, Prime Minister Peter O'Neill has declared on the 40th anniversary of independence from Australia.."We are going to be a nation of people who are going to be proud of their country and proud of
A very accessible subject that can be photographed within your home or up your street or in most landscapes..The best way to get started is to take a look at the following:The following is a list
Just as you thought the crisis mode in Europe was over and markets seem to be enjoying confidence and stability, along comes another curve ball, served up by Italian politicians. the Italian government has been in the process of trying to get rid of the euro, and the euro is now being used to
'Oh wow," I exclaim."I'm not sure what you're talking about," he says.
He was the 1960s radical who turned British painting on its head, but on Sunday the Queen sealed David Hockney's transformation into national treasure by appointing him to the Order of Merit. is the first British artist to win the Order of Merit.
Leo Apotheker is barnstorming the world as he embarks on fixing the culture and focus of the huge technology company..The film is set in the early 20th century, and is set in the early 20th century, and
"Of course, we are in unchartered territory at the moment, so if something happens that raises the level of uncertainty or risk or contagion, gold should benefit from that."But we are not in unchartered territory.
A further service will be held later at the memorial site for survivors and relatives which Prince William, Queen Elizabeth's grandson, will attend..The service will be held at the Royal Albert Hall in London on Saturday, May 7.
Read More Why oil could revisit its lows and then some Markets, however, will hear from another Fed speaker Wednesday.The Fed's chairman, Ben Bernanke, said he would not rule out a "significant" rate hike in the
Chinese stocks finished 0.7 percent higher on Wednesday, hovering near five-year highs., the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 0.
Apple shares could fall 20 percent as iPhone sales slow in the second half of this year and sales of the company's new Apple Watch fail to offset that decline, an analyst said in a note Thursday., the Wall Street Journal reported.
Germany's Nazi past made it impossible for any half-way respectable far-right party to gain traction before the AfD., which was founded in the 1930s, was forced to abandon its traditional political and social agenda.
While migrants could help boost the labor force, there are fears among more cautious observers of the migrant crisis in Europe that many migrants arriving from the Middle East and Africa are not skilled or educated, and therefore could be burden on state's pressed public finances. the European Commission has said that it is not prepared to take action against migrants who are not skilled or educated.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella agreed., "We are very pleased with the results of the recent financial quarter.
Guggenheim Partners' Scott Minerd told CNBC on Thursday the European Central Bank is going to have to buy a lot more bonds than the Federal Reserve did if it wants to boost the euro zone economies.."The ECB is going to have to buy more bonds than the Federal Reserve did," he said.
10/12/2015 AT 09:30 PM EDT has revealed that her mother has broken both her hips..The mother of a young girl who was raped by her father has been arrested and charged with rape.
Lady Gaga (as The Countess) on American Horror Story: Hotel 10/15/2015 AT 01:50 AM EDT is bringing the franchise home., and it's a great time to be a part of it.
Things are more desperate for California citrus farmers.,"We're not going to be able to grow the oranges," said Steve Korn, a citrus farmer in
Eddie Murphy with girlfriend Paige Butcher at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts for the 18th Annual Mark Twain Prize for American Humor 10/19/2015 AT 10:50 AM EDT's had a change of heart.. The show was canceled after the show's first season.
Chris Hemsworth and Michael Fassbender 10/19/2015 AT 11:05 AM EDT Try "Australian heartthrob" and you might be getting a little closer., but it's not as if you're getting a lot of heartthrob.
Some 1,500 years ago, in the same area of northern Pakistan that American troops are scouring for Osama bin Laden, there flourished the Silk Route Kingdom of Gandhara. of the Silk Road, which is now the largest trade route between the two countries.
Irish rock band U2 has a novel plan of attack for the deadly AIDS epidemic in Africa: giving away music for free., the band's new album, "The World Is Not Enough," is out now.
Portion control is one of the most cost-effective ways of limiting the economic impact of obesity, according to the McKinsey study.."Obesity is a chronic disease that affects the body's ability to absorb nutrients and maintain its health," said
Despite "brutal intrusions" into the company, Sony said it still wants to show "The Interview," and it blames theater owners for ultimately cancelling the film's Christmas Day release. the studio has also said it will not be releasing the film until after the holiday season.
FORTUNE — According to the Mobile Press-Register, Tim Cook played trombone, sold ads for the yearbook, and was the second-best student in his Robertsdale High School graduating class..Cook's success was not due to his ability to play the piano, but rather to his ability to play the
SAO PAULO, Sept 10 (Reuters) - Brazil's currency and stock futures fell sharply on Thursday and interest rate futures jumped after Standard & Poor's cut the country's sovereign rating to junk late Wednesday, raising the risk of foreign capital flight..Brazil's central bank said on Wednesday it would cut its sovereign rating to junk from junk, the first time it
Apple has updated its breakdown of employee demographics, first reported in August of last year., which shows that the number of employees who are employed by the company has increased by more than 50 percent since the company's
12/11/2015 AT 01:50 AM EST It was an emotional scene on Thursday in Oklahoma when a judge read Daniel Holtzclaw his verdict..Holtzclaw, a former Oklahoma state trooper, was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of
With most world leaders on their way home and the theatrics out of the way, negotiators got down to business on day two of major climate talks in Paris. the first was a deal to cut greenhouse gas emissions from the world's largest power plants by 2040.
12/10/2015 AT 12:00 PM EST She may be an A-list actress, but says her life isn't all glitz and glamor.. She's a former model, and she's a former model.
Somewhere in the backslapping fest that was the final issue of the News of the World, there were the stirrings of something worth reading..The first issue of the magazine was published in October, and it was a great read.
The tattoo was photographed and posted online.The tattoo was taken by a man who said he was a member of the Islamic State group.
Already, there's anecdotal evidence from local media reports that bars and restaurants saw a traffic boost from the World Cup., and that's not just because of the World Cup.
Former ManiCare intern, manicurist Karyn Exilus, and a client at the Big City Moms baby shower convention, hosted bi-anually., and a client at the Big City Moms baby shower convention, hosted bi-anually.
Twenty five years ago this week, the sitcom was only 15 when the show began airing regularly on Jan. 3, 1991, and over the course of five seasons, viewers watched her character, Blossom Russo, learn a whole lot of major life lessons.- The show's first season was a hit, and it was a hit with the audience.
Quantcast’s numbers today show that in the mobile web marketshare field, Android and Apple are becoming the only two games in town..The mobile web market share is up by more than 50% since the beginning of the year, according to the
A thief with a spring in her step has been caught skipping merrily away with a little girl's birthday present under her arm after filching the gift from outside a Californian man's front door..The thief, who is not identified, was caught on camera in the parking lot of a local grocery store,
01/19/2016 AT 04:45 PM EST bopped to the top in the 10 years since the smash Disney movie first aired?.The answer is yes, but it's not the only answer.
01/20/2016 AT 06:30 PM EST says things are still rocky with ex-husband Tuesday, Camille said she and her ex are not talking about their children.."I'm not going to talk about my kids," she said.
Survivors of child abuse within the Catholic Church in Britain are taking their former diocese to court after allegations of an institutional cover-up going back decades..The case of the Rev.
Heather Clark will never forget the comforting rhythm of her late son's pulsing heart. is a writer, musician, and musician who has written for many publications, including The New York Times, The New Yorker,
We don’t know how long Margaret McKenna and Drew Meyer have been bickering, but now the question is: Can this marriage be saved? have we lost the marriage?
Ryan Reynolds certainly has the famously killer abs to play a superhero., but he's also a very good actor.
Microcosms don’t feel micro to those who inhabit them..’’’’’’’’’’’
Some of the last passengers of Uber driver and accused mass murderer Jason Dalton have given chilling accounts of their erratic, terrifying journeys and say they are grateful to be alive. of the last passengers of Uber driver and accused mass murderer Jason Dalton have given chilling accounts of their erratic, terrifying journeys and say
A year ago, Congress created the 529 ABLE account, a savings vehicle for disabled people that offers the same tax-free growth available in 529 college-savings plans..The new account is a step in the right direction, but it's not the only one.
Boston Ballet last presented “Onegin” in 2002., and the band's first album, The Last of Us, was released in 2003.
After entering February with its postseason hopes in peril, California heads into March playing as well as anybody in the country. the team has won three straight and is in the midst of a three-game winning streak.
The Falcon 9 rocket sitting on the launch pad.The Falcon 9 rocket is the first of its kind to be launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida, and is expected to
Angela Merkel, Janet Yellen, Hillary Clinton, Danica Patrick, be warned..The Fed's latest report on the economy is expected to be released on Friday.
Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic has been sentenced to 40 years in jail after being found guilty of genocide for the 1995 Srebrenica massacre and of nine other war crimes charges., the court heard.
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
When TV writer Jessica Goldberg lost her father and got divorced within a year, she turned her energy into writing “The Path,” a show about a cult. the show is a show about a cult.
03/31/2016 AT 10:30 AM EDT Well, there's one date night they'll never forget!.The first of the two dates will be on Saturday, June 30th at 10:30 AM EDT.
Carlos Slim, Latin America's richest man, said he thinks Mexico's economy will start to grow at a faster pace next year after overcoming a sluggish past couple of years."I think the economy is going to be stronger than it was in the past," he said.
Sarah Michelle Gellar (as Kathryn) in Cruel Intentions 04/15/2016 AT 02:35 PM EDT to the role of Kathryn Meurteuil for the pilot of NBC's sequel series, and Taylor Smith Johnson, the show's lead, had a front row seat to her performance., and, as the show's lead, had a front row seat to her performance.
Sheldon Adelson also comes close., he's a billionaire who has been a big supporter of Trump.
The car can do zero to 60 mph in less than 3 seconds and has a top speed of 220 mph.The car is powered by a 3.
Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West 04/17/2016 AT 03:00 PM EDT There's no rest for the Kardashians., but they're still the Kardashians.
PHOENIX -- The Diamondbacks traded first baseman/outfielder Daniel Palk to the Minnesota Twins for catcher/outfielder Chris Herrmann..The Twins also traded first baseman/outfielder Chris Herrmann to the Minnesota Twins for catcher/out
This fall, residents of two new, adjacent rental towers on the East Side of Manhattan won’t need to sacrifice pool, gym or spa access because they live in one building and not the other. is a new, affordable, and affordable housing project that will be built on the site of the former East Side apartment building that
"Short selling performance was definitely disappointing given the January market correction."The market is still very strong and we expect the market to continue to grow in the coming months.
Snow at Falls Creek and Thredbo., and the other two are in the same boat.
College sports don't have a disabled list, so when Kawehiokalani Netane, a UTEP senior softball player, tore her ACL in April, she stayed on the roster., a UTEP senior softball player, tore her ACL in April, she stayed on the roster.
05/20/2016 AT 09:00 PM EDT's breakout stars thought the musical was a bad idea when he first about it.."I think it's a good idea," he said.
Amazon’s wildly popular subscription service, Prime, is going monthly..The service is available in the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the UK.
The question of whether passengers should tip Uber drivers is about to get a whole lot messier.Uber has been under fire for its handling of the ride-hailing service, which has been criticized for its handling
One year ago everything changed for me. of course I was a little bit nervous about it, but I was really happy with the results.
In the middle of a busy day of cooking here in the Epicurious Test Kitchen I often forget to actually eat, and a boiled egg "protein snack" can be a life saver. the egg is a protein powder that is packed with protein, and it's a great source of protein for your body.
Hedge funder David Einhorn is among the finance giants who are backing Apple aapl despite the iPhone maker’s flagging sales..Apple has been struggling to keep up with the pace of growth in the smartphone market, which has seen the iPhone
This year's Medicare open enrollment started on Oct. 15 runs through Dec. 7. is the first time that the program has been open since the program was created in 1965.
Paris was targeted in a series of terror attacks spanning the city on Friday night when a France-Germany soccer game ensured a large crowd., a French soccer team was attacked in a series of terror attacks spanning the city on Friday night when a France-Germany soccer
It’s rare to see the sun up close, unless you work for NASA. is a very rare to see the sun up close, unless you work for NASA.
This is interesting. is that the only way to get a good deal on a car is to buy one.
An avian-flu outbreak has been confirmed on a commercial poultry farm in Nebraska, the Department of Agriculture said Tuesday, marking the 16th state to report cases in a flock.The outbreak, which began in late May, has been linked to a strain of avian influenza, which is spread
The body of a young Perth man reported missing in the US has been found close to where he was last seen almost two months ago.The body of a man who was last seen in the US has been found close to where he was last seen almost
Photo: Mathew Sumner, Special To The Chronicle Medical assistant Ilma Garcia takes vital signs of a refugee patient from Iraq at San Francisco General Hospital's Refugee Clinic.The U.
People use the Tor anonymizing network to access all kinds of online services without revealing their identity—the shadier services grab the headlines, but there’s a lot of legitimate use too., and the Tor anonymizing network to access all kinds of online services without revealing their identity—the shadier services grab the
Can the Independent prosper as a digital news provider?The Independent has been a digital news provider for over 30 years.
Some billionaire venture capitalists fund research into how human beings might become immortal. of the world's most famous and most influential people.
Hello friends and Fortune readers.,I'm not sure if you've heard of the "Giant Bomb" or not.
Apple’s iOS 9.3 is off to a rough start., but it's not the end of the world.
There are few greater honors than winning the Nobel Prize. is the first Nobel Prize winner to win a Nobel Prize in physics.
Maintaining a healthy diet can be challenging for a variety of reasons: lack of time, ever-evolving research on super foods ( ), and an overwhelming amount of competing and expensive diet plans..The following are some of the most common reasons why you might want to avoid a super-food:
Kenny “Zulu” Whitmore, 59, has spent the last 28 consecutive years in solitary confinement in Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola, but a prison warden says he may be released to the general inmate population..Whitmore, who is a member of the Black Panther Party, is a member of the Black Panther Party,
The war is over.The war is over.
DES MOINES, Iowa -- Bernie Sanders is in "overall very good health," according to a letter from his doctor released by the Democratic presidential candidates' campaign Thursday.Sanders, who has been diagnosed with pneumonia, is expected to be back in Iowa on Friday.
With the American Medical Association now urging doctors to treat obesity as a medical condition, physicians should be screening and treating overweight and obesity just as they would any other chronic disorder. the American Medical Association now urging doctors to treat obesity as a medical condition, physicians should be screening and treating overweight and obesity just
Shuddle, a Bay Area startup that ferried children to school and after-school activities, is shutting down..The company, which has been in the news for its efforts to help kids learn to read, is now looking
Facebook has quietly released a Snapchat-like feature that allows some users to set their posts to expire at a predetermined time.The feature, which was first announced in February, allows users to set their posts to expire at a predetermined time.
There are still a few days left in the first quarter of 2015, but we already know that the quarter will not have hosted a single IPO from the information technology sector. is a great start for the company, and we look forward to seeing what the future holds for the company.
It’s official: Two-year contracts are dead. is dead.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Erin Andrews won a $55 million judgement on Monday after the Nashville Marriott and a stalker were found liable for a nude video of the journalist that spread across the Internet. the judge ruled that the Marriott and the hotel's owner, the Nashville Marriott, were not liable for the video.
told a judge he promises to stay out of his alleged stalker's life for good... as long as the woman moves out of his home., the judge said.
Columbia University has been roiled for months by a contentious dispute over allegations of intimidation of students in the Middle East studies program..The university has been under fire for its handling of the controversy, which has led to a series of lawsuits and
At the Cultural Cup food bank in Phoenix, Arizona, Sabiha Keskin has watched a growing trend in recent years of people forced to sell food stamps for cash to help pay the rent or utilities, and then coming to her food bank to feed their children. the food bank is a small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small, small,
The first United Nations general assembly special session on drugs in almost two decades has approved an agreement that leaves in place the prohibitionist policies banning narcotics use, despite growing international discontent with the “war on drugs” – and the concerns of the nations that called the meeting.The United Nations General Assembly has approved a resolution that calls for the withdrawal of all drugs from the market, including heroin
Checked wallpaper decorated with a Matisse poster and a miniature portrait of the Virgin Mary. the image is a bit of a mess, but I think it's a good idea.
Revealed: Michael Jackson had a secret son!.The New York Times reported that Jackson had been married to a woman named Mary Ann, who was a former Miss
In recent years the notion that failure brings rewards has become so venerated by business thinkers (and publications) that you could be forgiven for thinking yourself lacking if you haven’t suffered at least one calamitous, abject disaster in your career. the fact that you have been so lucky to have been able to survive a catastrophic event is a testament to the power of luck
JUNIOR GOTTI isn't the only one in the family taking on prosecutors..The family of a former New York City police officer who was shot and killed by a gunman in a shooting spree
Microsoft Corp. has been nothing less than fully supportive of their transgender employees., the company has been nothing less than fully supportive of their transgender employees.
Ann Coulter has never been one to shy away from controversy.. In a recent interview with the Daily Caller, she said that she was "very upset" by the "unfair"
Where the mechanics of writing are concerned, I’m far from perfect. the writing is a bit of a mess.
This essay originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily tech newsletter. is a daily tech newsletter.
Fortune 500 Insider is our newest online community where top executives from the Fortune 500 share ideas and offer leadership advice with Fortune’s global audience.. Join today and earn an exclusive 10% discount on our newsletter.
More than a quarter of British adults are classified as clinically obese.The study, published in the journal Obesity, found that the proportion of obese people in the UK was higher than the
Jay Z and Beyonce got the last laugh after getting notice to leave the house they were renting... because we've learned they got an even better house., and they're not going to let us leave.
If anything is clear in Silicon Valley, it’s that Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump is not very well liked. the fact that he is not very well liked is a sign that he is not very well liked.
Google is debuting a new tool for celebrities and businesses to share information directly to Google’s search results..The new tool, called "Google Search," allows celebrities and businesses to share information directly to Google’s
College graduates around the country are currently coming down from the post-graduation highs and either waking up to screeching alarms way earlier than they ever had class or the sinking realization that getting a J-O-B is crucial to adult-life survival.,The problem is that the college-educated are not getting the education they need to make a difference in the world
Now you see him, now you don't -- hours after got into a violent stand-off with a New York photog, the actor hit the streets of the Big Apple... wearing a paparazzi-proof white blanket., and then he was back in the States, and he was back in the States, and he was back in the States
The Fourth of July has a whole different meaning for Jason Pierre-Paul this year.The first of the four players to play in the NFL's first Super Bowl is the first of the four players to
It’s one small step for man, one giant leap for galactic name-calling. is a game that is a testament to the power of the internet’s ability to bring people together.
Threatened by Red's alleged relationship with the FBI, one of Red's criminal associates killed three women in Mr. Kaplan's clean-up crew to send a message..The FBI has said that Mr.
Seeing the writing on the wall, Ted Cruz will be suspending his Presidential campaign. the only thing that will change is the fact that he is running for President.
A Brazilian congressional commission on Wednesday recommended a bill that forbids authorities from blocking popular messaging applications, just two days after a judicial order left 100 million Brazilians without Facebook’s WhatsApp..The commission, which is headed by former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, said that the ban
Brooklyn native and Lulu Award winning cartoonist Abby Denson never thought she would ever become a comic artist, but now after 12 years of drawing and writing comics she has self-published over a dozen mini-comics, written countless comics for DC, Archie and Bongo, and has her own dessert column in New York's own "L Magazine.", and she's also a regular contributor to the New York Times best-selling comic book series, "The New York Times
ON the face of it, everyone on the Internet should be rich by now..The problem is that the rich are not rich.
The show must go on for Johnny Depp.The show is scheduled to air on CBS this fall.
Long before Donald Trump swatted away his Republican presidential rivals, his likely Democratic opponent and her allies began laying traps for him., the New York Times reported.
Do you trust one of the greatest boxers of all time?.I don't.
Spaulding Rehabilitation Network plans to close two nursing homes, in the North End and West Roxbury, over the next year and move their services to a new location in Brighton..The move comes after a series of incidents involving nursing homes in the city, including a fire in the North End
“This village has stagnated,” said Hipólito Aires, a Socialist town council member and gas station attendant."We have been waiting for this for a long time," he said.
What’s the best management advice you’ve ever received? is it worth it?
The NBA Finals features Stephen Curry and LeBron James, arguably the game's two most popular faces.The two players have been in the same league for more than a decade, and Curry has been a regular on the
Two tech startups with nearly identical names are launching to offer Airbnb-like home-renting services for African Americans, following complaints of racism on the service., and the company is also launching a new service called "The Black Book," which will allow users to book a room in
Diversity in tech is a hot topic in Silicon Valley these days—with good reason..The tech industry is a diverse and diverse group of people, and it's not just the tech industry that's
After unveiling its new 911 Turbo and 911 Turbo S at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Porsche turned the focus back to an electric vehicle concept introduced more than four months ago. the 911 Turbo S is the first 911 to be powered by a single-cylinder engine.
Harry Houdini made a full grown elephant disappear at New York's Hippodrome., and the elephant was found in the park.
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 11 points in the US presidential race, showing little change after she became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee this week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll., which also found that Clinton leads Trump by 11 points in the US presidential race, showing little change after she became the presumptive
A HUMILIATING accident..The following is a list of the most common injuries that occur in the United States.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Would you ever try a wooden water bottle? the water bottle is a great way to get your hands on some fresh water.
On one of Thailand's coastal islands, a group of wild macaques have learnt to use stone tools to eat shellfish and nuts. the group has been eating shellfish for more than a decade.
He may not receive messages from the dead, but "Medium" star Jake Weber has experience as a delivery boy. is a former Navy SEAL who served in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Finally, an "Animal House" movie for the generation that can remember seeing "Animal House.", "Animal House" is a movie that is about a group of people who are trying to save the world from a group
The author of "How To Be Happy, Dammit" is suing the wealthy Long Island man who she says wooed her, then left her pregnant - and most unhappy.The woman, who is now in her 20s, says she was lured to Long Island by a man who promised
LOS ANGELES -- The scene was wrenching: A sobbing 6-year-old girl, clutching a stuffed bear as her foster father carries her away from the only home she has known for most of her life..The girl, who was born with a congenital heart defect, was taken to a hospital in Los Angeles for
“Whenever I present our work, I have to allow for laugh time,” says Nicholas Tatonetti, a scientist at Columbia University Medical Center."I think it's important to have a laugh time," he says.
The next time you’re bored in a Marriott room, you might be able to simply call down to reception for a quick virtual reality fix.The Oculus Rift is a virtual reality headset that lets you walk around in virtual reality.
There are 900 parking spaces for car-sharing vehicles in San Francisco. is a citywide program that allows people to rent a car for free.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Kenan Thompson's Al Sharpton impression was put to the test against the real thing on this weekend's "Saturday Night Live." the show's host, Al Sharpton, was asked about his recent comments about the "Black Lives Matter" movement.
For years, it has been clear that Tiger Woods will never play like he once did. the only thing that has changed is that he has become a better golfer.
McDonald's knows how to attract protests — this time from anti-gay religious groups..The group has been working with the Trump campaign to get the president to sign a ban on same-sex marriage
's big fat GOOSE EGG in the could be the best thing that ever happened to him... so says "Modern Family" star (and Dodgers fanatic) Stonestreet was at Target Field in Minneapolis last night went Puig put up a big fat disappointing ZERO... and watched helplessly as slugged his way to the championship. the only thing that could have stopped him was the fact that he was a big fat GOOSE EGG in the could be
Toyota hasn’t redesigned the full-size Tundra pickup truck in a decade., but it has been working on a new pickup truck for the past two years.
hurled on stage Monday night... soaking a security guard in vomit..The incident occurred at the end of a performance of "The Godfather," which was performed by the band's
It may be possible to get to your goal more quickly by making riskier investments. is a great example of this.
My grandparents were emigrants from India to Pakistan."I was born in India and I was raised in Pakistan.
Is there anything worse than a bad date? the best way to get to know each other is to meet up with your friends.
!The first thing I did was to make a list of all the things I would like to see in the future.
The FBI has released the 911 call transcripts from the June 12 shooting at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, but Paul Ryan isn’t satisfied."I think it's a very, very bad situation," Ryan told Fox News.
06/21/2016 AT 03:35 PM EDT has helped a lot of people by bravely sharing her story – including a fellow cast mate.."I was in the middle of a fight with a guy who was a friend of mine and I was trying
People can’t seem to get enough Donald Trump.,’’’’’’’’’’’’
Don’t blame me for the prominence of Donald Trump, says Jeff Zucker.'t blame me for the prominence of Donald Trump, says Jeff Zucker.
Are you a man or a woman? the answer is yes.
Six years ago, Shura and Zina Kogan and their son, Edward, came to New York from Odessa, in the Soviet Union, to build a new life., and they were living in a small apartment in the Bronx.
I have to admit I saw the film (Stand by Me) before I read the book.. I was a little bit surprised by the way it was written.
This article contains spoilers. is a fan-made story.
was a stereotypical manly man before she became a woman... and TMZ has obtained the photos to prove it., and TMZ has obtained the photos to prove it.
Brad Pitt's fury was unleashed on Scott Eastwood., who was in the middle of a fight with Pitt.
Women aren’t the only consumers shopping differently these days.,The average price of a new car is $1,000, and the average price of a new car is
Lovelle Mixon, 26, of Oakland, was shot and killed by Oakland police department as they returned fire after being fired upon by an assault weapon..The shooting happened at about 9:30 p.
The world's biggest wine conglomerate, Constellation Brands, has snapped up the iconic but struggling Robert Mondavi Corp. of Oakville for more than a billion dollars, saving Napa Valley's best-known winery from its own draconian plan to split in two and sell off its luxury brands piecemeal.The deal, which will be announced in the coming days, will see Napa Valley's wine industry grow by more
The luxury-car arms race is ramping up every year, with automakers parading their performance creds around with every new model.The latest is the Ford F-150, which is the most expensive car in the world.
Drugs, Money, Murder, and Family., p.
Mark Stover was known as the dog whisperer of the Pacific Northwest - a man who could tangle with the most ferocious canine and bring it to its knees..Stover was known as the dog whisperer of the Pacific Northwest - a man who could tangle with
NASA announced yesterday that its Balloon Program Office had ended the second test flight of its Super Pressure Balloon, or SPB., which will be used to test the new balloon's ability to withstand the pressures of the Earth's atmosphere.
IN a restaurant, the division between the savory and sweet sides of the kitchen runs far deeper than, say, a chef's skill level with chocolate tempering as opposed to squab-butchering.."I'm not a chef," says the chef, who is also a former chef at the New York City
A baby falcon lands on a boy's head in Bokonbaevo, Kyrgyzstan..The baby falcon lands on a boy's head in Bokonbaevo, Kyrgyzstan.
Looking for a place by the beach? to stay?
Hostess Brands is hoping an initial public offering won’t serve up indigestion to investors.The company has been in the news recently for its decision to sell its stake in the company to a Chinese company,
Rachel Gordon, Chronicle Staff Writer Jesse Dela Cruz who won top honors as the best transit operator in North America., Chronicle Staff Writer Jesse Dela Cruz who won top honors as the best transit operator in North America.
Physicians wrote significantly fewer prescriptions for painkillers and other medications for elderly and disabled patients who had legal access to medical marijuana, a new study fi... An experimental drug for rheumatoid arthritis developed by Johnson & Johnson and GlaxoSmithKline slowed joint damage and improved symptoms of the disease, meeting the main goals of.... The study, published in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine, found that the drug was effective in treating arthritis, but not
Kristen Bell has a chilly response for Donald Trump: "get ur head outta ur a--."."I'm not going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm
Rick Ross is no dummy... he's not gonna smoke a blunt in front of cameras while on house arrest -- so his story goes., but he's not gonna smoke a blunt in front of cameras while on house arrest -- so his story goes.
Companies rise and fall all the time in America, almost as a hallmark of capitalism., and the only way to get them to do so is to make them pay for it.
Hillary Clinton on Friday postponed her first campaign appearance with Vice President JoeBiden following the fatal shootings of police officers in Dallas., the first of her two stops in the race.
Robert Allen of Daly City is renting fully customized Dodge Caravans equipped with a bed and kitchenette through his website Go-Tel.net., which is available for $1,000.
Are you aware that the Rugby World Cup is happening right now? the Rugby World Cup is happening right now.
Gaining blog readers is hard; Wordpress makes it much easier..The first step is to create a blog post.
Sex can be so easy in the beginning of a relationship., but it can be so hard in the middle.
It’s a new year, so everyone’s got a fresh start on their mind. is a new year, so everyone’s got a fresh start on their mind.
By January 2017, when our next president settles in the Oval Office, America could be as irrelevant on the world stage as Russia seemed to be when President Obama told off then-candidate Mitt Romney three years ago. the world is now a more important place than ever before.
Every day it seems new evidence emerges that the “evidence” for global warming has been exaggerated, manufactured or just plain wrong.,The evidence is overwhelming.
Imperial Majesty, which costs $215,000 a bottle, is the most expensive perfume in the world..The Royal Navy's flagship, the HMS Queen Elizabeth, is the most expensive perfume in the world.
DURING HIS TIME AS A QUARTER-back with pro football's Detroit Lions, Philadelphia Eagles and Baltimore Colts, Fred Enke exposed his body to seven years of cruel and unusual punishment.."I was in a lot of pain," he said.
The exterior of the Howard St. side of the newly completed San Francisco Museum of Modern Art addition.The new building will be the first of its kind in the world, and will be the first of its kind in
Jody Adams, Eric Papachristos and Sean Griffing opened their new restaurant — Porto — Monday evening.."We're excited to be opening our first restaurant in the city of San Francisco," Adams said.
Helmut Newton, the prolific, widely imitated fashion photographer whose provocative, erotically charged photos were a mainstay of Vogue and other publications, died yesterday after a car crash in Hollywood..The accident occurred at about 8:30 p.
01/07/2016 AT 07:30 PM EST When you think of famous bombshell bodies, is at the top of the list..1.
MITX, the Massachusetts Innovation and Technology Exchange, and LevelUp are hosting a night of networking, food, and cocktails..The event will be held at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Computer Science and Engineering Center, located at the University
Countryside campaigners are currently preparing for a major battle with the Government over further plans to weaken planning rules this Autumn., which will see the Government's plans to cut the number of public buildings in the city by up to 20 per cent by
You can add a few more names to the list of folks who aren’t exactly enjoying the current bull market: the money managers at Calpers, or the California Public Employees Retirement System., or the California Public Employees Retirement System.
Missoula, Mont.. (AP) — A man who was shot and killed by a police officer in a parking lot of a downtown hotel has
Robert Griffin III came to the Washington Redskins with much promise., but he was never able to make it to the NFL.
Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking seven days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes.."I'm not a foodie," he says.
Oklahoma City wasn't the only loser in the Kevin Durant sweepstakes..The Oklahoma City Thunder won the first round of the NBA Finals, but lost to the Los Angeles Clippers in the
If you cruise around on a suspended license in a slick Maserati like ex-" allegedly just did... make sure you wear your seat belt and don't have drugs on you. the guy was a little drunk and he was just trying to get away from the cops.
I’ve added tomato slices to my mac and cheese for a really long time and wanted to amp it up a notch, and since I have a big batch of homemade basil pesto in the fridge I thought it a good idea to add a few dollops..I added a few more basil pesto slices to my mac and cheese for a really long time and wanted to
Fans and friends of Anton Yelchin mourned the loss of the young Star Trek actor who was killed in a fatal traffic collision early Sunday at age 27., but the actor's family said he was a "great friend" and "a great person.""He was
During my first summer as a working mom, I booked my kids—then ages 2 and 3—for camp after camp after camp. the kids were so excited to be there.
Analysts who cover China tend to misinterpret both the short- and long-term implications of economic growth numbers..The short-term impact of China's economic growth is not clear.
At least 33 people have been killed and almost 100 wounded in deadly attacks across Iraq as violence escalates during Ramadan, security and hospital officials say. the latest attack comes as the Islamic State group has seized large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria.
More than 10 years after a bloody civil war ended in Nepal, the country has finally started a process of transitional justice.The government has been trying to get the country's political parties to agree on a new constitution, but the process has
It seems Donald Trump just can’t win. is a man who has been a man for so long that he can't even get a job.
Insurers of fine art hear lots of excuses in their line of work..The problem is that the fine art is not the only thing that is being sold.
Bill Cosby has postponed another show on his “Far From Finished” tour amid numerous sexual assault allegations and a civil suit filed by a woman who claims the embattled comedian raped her when she was 15 years old..The comedian, who has been accused of sexual assault by a 14-year-old girl, has postponed a
Fortune’s curated selection of the day’s most newsworthy tech stories from all over the Web..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
Dealing Gov.. Cuomo's veto of a bill that would have allowed the state to keep the state's $1.
Former Sec., and the Secretary of Defense.
Equally arresting is G. wallichianum 'Havana Blues’, its strongly veined blue flowers set off by yellow-green young foliage..The flowers are a beautiful, delicate, and delicate flower.
French religious leaders have called for more security at places of worship following the murder of an elderly priest in Normandy on Tuesday., the French government said.
Opposition to free trade is fueling the protests at the Democratic convention this week, and Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren elevated protectionism nearly to an official Philadelphia theme on Monday..The Democratic National Committee (DNC) has been pushing for a "free trade" agreement for years, and
07/28/2016 AT 03:00 PM EDT has zero tolerance for those who bully her fans..I'm not saying that she should be fired, but I'm saying that she should be fired for her actions
This weekend’s VidCon is a gathering of content creators from all over the internet. is a gathering of content creators from all over the internet.
Kids love to put their hands in their mouths., but I'm not sure if they're really that good at it.
When Ezzie Dominguez heard about the Supreme Court’s recent decision on immigration, her first thought was how to tell her husband. the court's decision was a victory for the American Dream.
Headline writers in the Daily Mail, the Telegraph and the Daily Express all agree: a million Brits are fit to work but choose to live on benefits..The Daily Mail's headline: 'Brits are 'fit to work' but choose to live on benefits'
Hoping to arrive at your destination in one piece?.The best way to get to your destination is to use the "Go" button on your iPhone or iPad.
A few years ago a client, Peter, came to me and said, “I’m doing all the work, but my boss is making all the money.. I'm not doing all the work.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Red velvet brownies are layered with a cream cheese filling in these layered Oreo Cream Cheese Stuffed Red Velvet Brownies that are perfect for any red velvet lover. the cream cheese filling is a little thick but it's still a nice touch.
Today, it’s possible to order almost any product online and receive it the next day with a press of a button., but it is not possible to order almost any product online and receive it the next day with a press of a button.
was mum Thursday on her breakup with... but she had a lot to say about her new passion -- moscato., "I'm a moscato, I'm a moscato, I'm a moscato, I'm
Will the real economy please stand up?The real economy is not going to be able to keep up with the growth of the real economy.
The Bayreuth Festival in Germany, which Richard Wagner conceived to stage his operas, has a reputation for backstage drama that rivals its music dramas, and this year is no different.The festival, which is held every year in Berlin, is a celebration of the works of Wagner, who died in
Another great source of pleasure and satisfaction to Mrs. Wallace was her art collecting., and she was a great admirer of the work of the great American artist, John Adams.
A tornado has ravaged a province in north Vietnam, tearing homes, business and the natural environment apart and throwing up a mortal gauntlet for locals caught in the storm..The storm has left more than 1,000 people dead and more than 1,000 injured, according to the
Waxaa isku dhacay booliiska mudaaharaadyada iyo dad taageersan rag hubaysan oo afduub dad ugu haysta saldhig booliis oo ku yaala magaalada Yerevan ee caasimadda dalka Armenia..The following is a list of the most common Armenian words used in the Armenian language.
MSPs have called on the Scottish government to develop a co-ordinated national approach to tackle the sexual exploitation of children..The Scottish Government has said it will work with the Scottish Government to develop a co-ordinated national approach to
In this economy, it's tough to justify spending big bucks to replace dingy or stained furniture that's still perfectly functional. the best way to do that is to buy a new car.
Pausing to speak with fans a third of the way along the 100-mile London-Surrey Classic, Froome and team mate Geraint Thomas smiled and posed for photographs by the roadside.."I'm really happy to be here," Froome said.
Assessing, cultivating and recruiting spies has long been a key job of Central Intelligence Agency officers..The agency has been accused of spying on American citizens and diplomats in the past, including on the U.
That’s the great thing about OMGyes’s methodology: it feels genuinely engaging. is that it's not just a bunch of people who are trying to make a point, but a whole bunch of people who
3..1.
"The area of land is grass covered and bounded by hedging and stock proof fencing."The area is not a forest, but a forested area.
Critics argue that such an agency, which would regulate mortgages, credit cards and nearly all other loans to consumers, would tighten credit in an already tight market, stifle innovation and hurt small businesses.,"The government is not going to be able to do anything about it," said David B.
The scruffy neighborhood of Fishtown in Philadelphia is having a creative renaissance, coming on the heels of Stephen Starr and Joe Carroll’s recent opening of the barbecue restaurant Fette Sau.The restaurant, which opened in the late 1990s, is a nod to the neighborhood's past, with a menu
Severely hyperactive and impulsive children, once shunned as bad seeds, are now recognized as having a real neurological problem..The problem is that the brain is not designed to be a place for children to learn.
A version of this was published in The Times in a column called Women Here and There..The article was written by a woman who is a writer and a journalist.
A Birkin handbag made of white crocodile skin is likely the most expensive purse in the world, after it went for more than $300,000 in an auction at Christie’s in Hong Kong on Monday..The bag, which was made of a white crocodile skin, was sold for $300,000 at the
Built with the adventurer in mind, the Subaru Outback is a smooth-riding 4x4 crossover that can tackle the UK's toughest terrains..The Subaru Outback is a smooth-riding 4x4 crossover that can tackle the UK's toughest terr
PHILADELPHIA -- Former Arizona and NBA center and Philadelphia 76ers assistant coach Sean Rooks has died..Rooks, who was 76ers assistant coach and head coach at Arizona, died at his home in Phoenix on
"Using techniques from out in Afghanistan we managed, partly, to stop the bleeding."The Taliban have been fighting for more than a decade to establish a foothold in the country.
If you ever visit farmers markets, craft shows, or startup eateries, you have almost certainly noticed an increasing number of vendors accepting credit cards using small devices attached to smartphones and tablets. the new credit card payment system is a great way to make your purchases easier and more convenient.
As bizarre as this may seem, this year’s Republican convention will officially get underway three months from Monday. the Republican National Convention is scheduled to take place in Cleveland, Ohio, on July 7, 2016.
I review many, many products.. I have a lot of experience with the products I buy.
For the mousseline, whisk the egg yolks, vinegar, water and a little salt together in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water, until you have a creamy consistency and until the whisk leaves a trail when you lift it from the foam. the mousseline is a great way to add a little extra flavor to your mousseline.
In his last few years, Adam Lanza shut himself off from the outside world almost completely, his troubles slowly escalating as his family splintered. the family's home was destroyed, his mother's body was found, and his father's body was found.
This is a beast of a bike shed. is a great place to get a bike and a great place to get a bike.
There will be an even closer approach on July 31st 2018. is the first of three events to be held in the city of Toronto.
The Turnbull government is off to a bad start with one of the crossbench senators saying he doesn't even trust promises it makes in writing any more."I don't trust the government to make any commitments to the Australian people," he said.
The main M4 motorway link between central London and Heathrow Airport has reopened in both directions.The M4 link between Heathrow and London Heathrow Airport has reopened in both directions.
These pressures have increased since the market shock of the British vote to leave Europe., and the UK's economic recovery has been hampered by the uncertainty of the EU's exit from the single market.
Wild flowers have been frazzled, the countryside looking very different to last year.,The first of the two new species of flowers to be introduced to the UK, the red-brown-green
Head here to experience the quintessential Algarve beach cove – a lick of sand nestled below orange limestone cliffs and calm, aquamarine waters interspersed by rocky outcrops..The Algarve beach is a popular destination for surfers, surfers, and surfers alike.
A Senate committee in Brazil on Thursday voted in favor of moving forward with the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff..The impeachment trial of Rousseff, who was accused of corruption and corruption-related crimes, has been delayed for
Police say they will search for as long as it takes to find a man missing in rugged bushland northwest of Sydney since Sunday after a camping party..Police say they will search for as long as it takes to find a man missing in rugged bushland northwest of
It's a battle of the scowling sports stars. is a game of football, and it's a battle of the scowling sports stars.
Alastair CookÂ will bat for half an hour or 40 mins and throw the bat tomorrow, but they could have done that tonight..The first thing I want to say is that I'm not going to be a fan of the first half of
A state-run Chinese company is pursuing a takeover of a Brazilian electric company in what could be China’s biggest investment in the South American country..The deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year, according to a report by Bloomberg.
A man has been beaten with a crowbar in a New Jersey restaurant carpark for wearing a Donald Trump t-shirt..The man, who was wearing a Trump T-shirt, was beaten with a crowbar by a man who
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump gave a speech on the economy Monday afternoon from Detroit, Michigan. the Detroit Free Press reported.
WE WERE ON a motorboat to the past—or so we hoped..The boat was a small boat, with a small crew, and a small crew of men.
Recruiting picks up in the fall..The team is also looking to add a new coach, and a new head coach.
A school in Kentucky is backpedaling after critics said its dress code unfairly targeted black students..The school's dress code, which was adopted in 2013, prohibits students from wearing "any type of clothing that
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... After Hillary Clinton's primary win in New York, the Democratic front-runner took the stage and gave a victory speech that addressed issues surrounding income inequality. the Democratic front-runner took the stage and gave a victory speech that addressed issues surrounding income inequality.
We're not toy designers, but we're pretty sure these Star Wars pool accessories may have been run through a number of people before they landed on shelves in nationwide US department store, Target. have you seen them?
got DROPPED in the middle of a Miami street the other day... after embarrassingly crashing his motor-scooter into a parked car... and You gotta see this... the boxing stud was just beginning a South Beach scooter street session with friends when things went horribly wrong.,"I was just trying to get out of the car and get out of the car and I was just trying
A teenage boy has died after travelling in a car which veered off the road, flipped and smashed into a tree on the NSW south coast..The boy, who was in his 20s, was travelling on the NSW south coast when he was hit by
Summertime is prime time for family visits., and the family is always welcome.
TOKYO—A cabinet minister who helped create Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s growth strategy said Japan needed to juice its economic recovery with stimulus spending and loose monetary policy while studying more drastic steps such as wage targeting.."We need to be more aggressive in the economy, and we need to be more aggressive in the monetary policy
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Donald Trump continues to insist boxing promoter Don King has endorsed his presidential campaign, though King denied his official support Friday., but King has not endorsed Trump.
This article is published in partnership with Money.com. is a registered trademark of the Financial Times Limited.
Getting rich is hard to do — though not impossible — but it’s even more difficult if you let your fears get in the way. the idea of a "perfect" life is a myth.
Photo: Connor Radnovich, The Chronicle Thad Lewis was able to walk off the field after being injured in Sunday’s game, but a torn ACL has ended his season.Lewis, who was a member of the Houston Texans' practice squad, was injured in Sunday's game against the New
Fred's second-half goal against Serbia gave Brazil their 15th win in the last 16 games but Felipe Scolari's side were jeered in Sao Paulo..The Brazilian side have won three of their last four games and have won three of their last four away from home
Three cheers for Sen. Ron Johnson., who is running for governor.
There have been 133 mass shootings in 2016, the deadliest of which occurred Sunday morning at the Orlando gay nightclub, Pulse. is the deadliest mass shooting in U.
These five candidates have already debated each on numerous occasions and, for the journalists watching the pre-record with me in the press room who have followed this contest closely, it was all very familiar., and I was very pleased to see that they all agreed that the candidates were very well prepared.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for clear-headed negotiations with "close partner" Britain over its departure from the European Union, urging caution in the process., German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for clear-headed negotiations with "close partner" Britain over its departure from the European Union
Shocking footage has emerged of a central Queensland driver ploughing through the boom gates at a level crossing just seconds before a 12,000 tonne coal train rumbles along..The footage shows the driver, who is wearing a helmet, ploughing through the gates at a level crossing
Jerry Seinfeld was just as surprised as everybody else to hear that his Crackle series, Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee, was nominated for an Emmy alongside Last Week Tonight With John Oliver, The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel Live!, and that he was also nominated for an Emmy for his work on the show.
Energy firm E.On's measurement error over some of its customers' gas payments is not the only time that organisations have made a mistake with imperial and metric measurements., for example, the E.
Everything about Irlan Silva’s life is measured in terms of then and now., he's been a part of the team since the start of the season, and he's been a part of the team
Leila Alavi left her native Iran "seeking a better way of life, away from violence"..She was arrested in Tehran in March 2013 and charged with "aiding terrorism".She was released on
Police are continuing to investigate an alleged fixed harness race that occurred in country Victoria last year..The incident occurred at a race at the Victoria Park Golf Course on Saturday afternoon.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews has vehemently denied he made disparaging remarks about a former Liberal MP when she was battling bowel cancer, while the MP in question says she's "devastated" by the comments.."I'm not going to comment on the comments that were made by a former Liberal MP," Andrews said in
If you're often watching federal parliament and find yourself bemoaning the playground politics unfolding, don't give up. the government is not going to be able to keep up with the demands of the people.
Queensland police officers will be paid an extra 2.5 per cent a year under an in-principle agreement..The agreement will see officers working in the area pay a salary of £1,000 a year, while the
The former leader of the free world poured beer on Sax Gordon’s shoes."I'm not going to say that I'm a racist, but I'm not going to say that I'm
Calls for lone-wolf attacks on Australian landmarks by ISIS highlights the necessity of strong regional co-operation, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said as he heads into further rounds of talks with global leaders in Laos.."We need to be able to work together to make sure that we can make sure that we can make sure
Senior government minister Christopher Pyne has lashed out at suggestions the company at the centre of the Sam Dastyari scandal received preferential treatment after donating to the Liberal Party., saying the company was "a big money-making machine" and "a big money-making machine that is not going
09/10/2016 AT 05:00 PM EDT is protesting her treatment in prison by going on hunger strike, she has announced in a statement.."I am protesting the treatment of prisoners in prison.
The second of two trials to see if shark nets would work on the NSW north coast has failed after the net was destroyed by sea swells.The trial, which was to be held in the NSW state capital, was to see if the nets could be used
KEY EVIDENCE AND MOMENTS IN CLIVE PALMER'S COURT APPEARANCE: Clive Palmer kept a secret green diary about decisions relating to Queensland Nickel.. The diary was kept in a locked cabinet in Clive Palmer's office in Palmer's home state of Queensland.
IBM Corp. and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have teamed up to tackle a major challenge facing computers: teaching machines to recognize images and sounds as people do, and react in useful ways..The MIT team is using a technique called "cognitive-machine learning" to train a computer to recognize images
It's the spring festival that draws hundreds of thousands of visitors to the nation's capital - and that's before they turn the lights on. is a festival that draws hundreds of thousands of visitors to the nation's capital - and that's before they turn the lights on
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman at the Academy Awards in 1991 David Mcgough/DMI/The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images 09/30/2016 AT 08:10 AM EDT is looking back on her marriage to more than two decades ago at age 23.."I was married to my first husband, and I was married to my second husband, and I was married
A suspicious fire has gutted an archery clubrooms in Perth, destroying memorabilia and causing $150,000 worth of damage..The club, which was built in 1894, was a popular target for the local community.
IS it a crafts shop?.I'm not sure.
Australians who want to study life coaching, circus arts, jewellery design, or the art of being a butler will have to pay their own way from next year..The government has also announced a new scheme to help people who are struggling with mental health issues.
Consumer watchdog Choice says it doesn't want anybody to "die in the dark" from a Samsung product after another washing machine caught alight., but it's not the first time Samsung has been caught using a washing machine to wash its hands.
Former prime minister Tony Abbott says he "absolutely" supports Malcolm Turnbull as leader., but says he will not be voting for him.
Pauline Hanson has urged the prime minister to sack Norfolk Island's administrator, former Liberal government minister Gary Hardgrave., and to "take a hard look at the way the government has handled the situation".The government has been criticised
A house has been raided after a woman was shot while driving in Perth's north eastern suburbs..Police said the woman was shot in the head and taken to hospital.
We see them in pictures, in magazines, on television and all over the internet. have you ever seen one of these?
An Australian is among 22 people charged by Brazilian prosecutors over their roles in the collapse of a tailings dam at the Samarco Mineracao SA iron ore mine last November that killed 19 people.The charges were dropped after the Brazilian authorities said they had no evidence of wrongdoing.
The Northern Territory royal commission into juvenile justice is hoping to tap into an indigenous initiative that draws on old traditions to help troubled youngsters.The commission is looking at the idea of a "community-based approach" to juvenile justice, which would involve a
A notorious Perth drug dealer has been jailed for more than 10 years, while his daughter and two Vietnamese-born associates have also been sentenced after a police sting..The court heard that the pair were arrested in the early hours of July 7, 2013, after a man in
Brownlow medalists Patrick Dangerfield might be trying to keep his mind off football during the off season, but his team's painful grand final miss still stings.,"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
WA Nationals leader Brendon Grylls told a business breakfast on Wednesday how poorly the state's economy is performing.."We're in a recession, we're in a recession, we're in a recession," Grylls
A Perth policeman who leaked details of Ben Cousins' arrest last year to his journalist girlfriend has admitted he disclosed restricted information and been fined..The officer, who was not named, was arrested in July last year after he leaked details of a police investigation
A former high-ranking federal bureaucrat will lead an independent review into the parliamentary budget office..The report, which was released on Tuesday, will be released to the public on Wednesday.
A bus and truck have collided in southeast Queensland, leaving three people injured..The driver of the bus was taken to hospital with minor injuries.
A teenage cyclist is in a critical condition after he was left for dead on a Melbourne road..The cyclist, who was riding his bike on the road at about 6.
A man who bought 21 schooners before ploughing his van into a fellow pub-patron in a hit-run murder has been jailed for at least 18 years..The man, who was not named, was driving a van into a pub in the city's south-west
One Nation senator Rod Culleton will get his day in court to argue he was lawfully elected, declaring that if he's "swatted like a mozzie" he''ll still have done his bit for Australian history. of course, the fact that he's a senator means he's not a racist.
The foster mother of slain Logan schoolgirl Tiahleigh Palmer will face a sentencing hearing next year alongside her son.The mother of slain schoolgirl Tiahleigh Palmer will face a sentencing hearing next year alongside her son.
Boston’s burgeoning Seaport District will finally have its first pharmacy when a CVS opens Sunday in the new Watermark Seaport building., which will be the first of its kind in the city.
CHICAGO — Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. shares plunged the most in almost a year after disappointing third-quarter sales shook investor confidence that it can recover from the biggest crisis in its history..The company said it expects to sell about 1.
Lawyers for a union boss with past charges of domestic violence say there's no point in the government pursuing him in the Fair Work Commission over his work site access permit because he's withdrawn his application.."The government has no business pursuing a union boss who has withdrawn his application for a Fair Work Commission permit because
The driver of a white four-wheel drive who was forced to stop their car on an Adelaide road in May to avoid a woman could have information key to a murder investigation.The driver of a white four-wheel drive who was forced to stop their car on an Adelaide road in May to
A "sadistic" father who tortured, terrorised and sexually abused four children at a remote South Australian property has been jailed for up to 25 years..The father of four, who was jailed for life for his role in the murders of his four children, was
Queensland MP Billy Gordon arriving at court earlier this year..The court heard that the former Liberal MP for North West North West, who was also a member of the Liberal
The EgyptAir plane went down in May, killing all 66 people on board.The Egyptian government has said it is investigating the crash.
A Sydney Year 12 graduate who has received a near perfect ATAR score says consistency is the key to getting top marks.."I've been doing this for a long time and I've been doing it for a long time.
Homes on Russell Island could come under threat from bushfire again as a predicted wind change would put homes in the path of the flames..The National Weather Service said the wind could be as high as 40km/h (25 miles) a year
When I play golf nowadays, which is usually several times a week, more often than not I play alone. the only time I play alone is when I'm in the middle of a game.
Christine Lagarde has been found guilty of negligence., and the European Commission has been forced to suspend its investigation into the matter.
Murderer Hugo Rich has failed in his latest appeal, this time to get legal materials to prepare for a High Court challenge against his conviction for gunning down a Melbourne security guard 11 years ago..Rich, who was convicted of murdering a man in a Melbourne nightclub in 1996, has been in custody since the
Geoffrey Mann was in a secondhand shop when he spotted a booth filled with silver cutlery and candlesticks.."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm going to have to buy this,'" he said.
Tony Abbott’s local campaign director, Walter Villatora, has called on Malcolm Turnbull to ensure there are genuine plebiscites for all New South Wales party members rather than pandering to lobbyists and party powerbrokers.,"The Australian people have spoken and they have spoken and they have spoken and they have spoken and they have spoken
New numbers for the average 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage will be released Thursday.The average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage is $1,000,000, up from $1,000
High-profile Indigenous Australians have condemned a social media post showing a man dressed as an Aboriginal Australian and posing with a petrol can.-The post, which was posted on Facebook, was posted on Saturday, May 6, and was shared more than
Not great. the game is not great.
A toddler has been airlifted to hospital after she was pulled from the waters off a popular Victorian beach..The toddler was rescued by a group of surfers after she was pulled from the waters off a popular Victorian beach
Three weeks have passed since Kim Kardashian West was robbed at gunpoint in Paris and her perpetrators remain at large — but French authorities are still hard at work on the case.,The Paris prosecutor's office said on Monday that it had arrested a man who had been arrested in connection with the
For Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen, there’s no place like home. the Patriots have been a perennial playoff contender for the past two seasons, and they've been a perennial playoff contender for the past
In 1993, Leonardo DiCaprio was a handsome teenager with only two feature films under his belt – and he was already gunning for Oscar and Golden Globe success. the film was a hit, and DiCaprio was a star.
Just a few days until the election, and a writer’s thoughts naturally turn to dystopias. the world is a dystopia.
It’s hard to make your way through the Underground Railroad. is a game that is a great way to get to know the characters and the story of the Underground Railroad.
This would mean that, rather than pay the cost of the levy and have it refunded, the green taxes would not be paid at all. is a good idea.
WATCH: Rachel Smith explains what has people buzzing on the "GMA" Pop News Heat Index..The "GMA" is a weekly news show that airs on the network's flagship network, "GMA
It appears to be a safe bet that Adrienne Bailon will shed some happy tears on her wedding day. is a former contestant on the reality show "The Apprentice" and has been married to her husband, former reality star and reality
Sears Holdings Corp. chief executive Eddie Lampert is opening his wallet once again to help keep the struggling retailer in business, a move that could help placate vendors after an uncertain holiday season..Lampert, who has been in the spotlight for his role in the company's troubled online shopping business,
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... "I feel there's a pretty fundamental problem that arises from the model of 'games as a service.' the model of 'games as a service' is a model that is not based on any kind of real-world experience.
The Trend Report: Fierce Fruit Prints Fun and Fresh Fruit Prints Solange Knowles chose this sunny yellow lemon-print frock for a day of festival fun at Coachella.The Trend Report: Fierce Fruit Prints Fun and Fresh Fruit Prints Solange Knowles chose this sunny yellow
So, barring a physical problem surfacing before Game 1 of the ALDS Tuesday against the A's, Cone will be part of Torre's 10-man staff when Torre announces his roster today., Torre will be part of Torre's 10-man staff when Torre announces his roster today.
ONCE UPON A time, the faces of children did not stare out from the sides of every milk carton..The children were not the only ones who were affected.
By DAVID HINCKLEY DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER Tuesday, August 10th 1999, 2:11AM The trouble with leading the most durable, charismatic and intriguing rock band of the '90s is that it makes you a rock star. the band is a rock band.
In June 2006, aspiring videographer Rielle Hunter began to travel with the 2008 presidential campaign of Democratic contender John Edwards. the campaign was in the midst of a major fundraising effort.
Remember when they said that?, I was thinking, "Oh, I'm not sure.
Correspondence of the New-York Times..[1] The New York Times, "The New York Times: The New York Times," July 18,
Wednesday, August 2th 2000, 2:13AM Puff Daddy's taking on Madison Avenue., 2:13AM Puff Daddy's taking on Madison Avenue.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Baird Jones Tuesday, September 10th 1996, 2:01AM "Julia Roberts did not kiss me," insists Margaret Emery., The Australian, September 10th 1996, 2:01AM "Julia Roberts did not kiss me," insists Margaret Emer
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY with Baird Jones Wednesday, March 12th 1997, 2:02AM It's a good thing Denise Brown just got her million-dollar book contract out of a HarperCollins publisher, Judith Regan., and she's got a lot of money to spend.
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY WITH BEN WIDDICOMBE, SUZANNE ROZDEBA AND SPENCER MORGAN Sunday, November 2th 2003, 1:81AM Denis Leary is denying allegations that he's being used by Tom Cruise to spread the word of the controversial Church of Scientology., The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
Thursday, March 27th 1997, 2:02AM LAST SEASON: 96-66, first place MANAGER: Bobby Cox, eighth season., second place, second place, third place, fourth place, fifth place, sixth place, seventh place, eighth place,
BY GEORGE RUSH AND JOANNA MOLLOY With Baird Jones Tuesday, May 21th 1996, 2:00AM Handing a microphone to Rosie Perez is risky business., and it's not a good idea to do it.
By PATRICIA O'HAIRE and DOUGLAS FEIDEN DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITERS Monday, June 5th 2000, 2:13AM A glittering audience of some 6,000 VIPs packed Radio City Music Hall last night as Broadway put on its Sunday best for the first Tony Awards of the new millenium. the show was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London, and was attended by the likes of Tony Award winners, including the
By RICHARD HUFF DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Friday, October 27th 2000, 2:14AM Fox is upping the ante in the reality-programming craze with a 2-hour special built around a big-bucks auction featuring such items as dinosaur bones and a space capsule. the show will air on Fox News Channel at 9 p.
Saturday, July 1th 2006, 1:74AM Spots & Stripes Celebrate Dog & Cat Weekend Even the animals are showing their spots and stripes!, July 1st 2006, 1:74AM Spots & Stripes Celebrate Dog & Cat Weekend Even the animals are
When you watch the presentation of The 68th Annual Golden Globe Awards this Sunday night, there are several things to keep in mind. the first is that the Golden Globes are a very special event.
CLARINDA, Iowa – Someone had an “oops” moment Tuesday afternoon, but it wasn’t Texas Gov.. Rick Perry.
A group of MIT researchers has demonstrated a method of network topology that could render the Internet 100 or even 1,000 times faster than it is today..The MIT team, led by Professor Michael J.
When I was on the board of directors for the National Organization for Women in New York City during the 1970s, I led protests against the pay gap. the first time I was there, I was in a protest against the pay gap.
FT. MEYERS, FL.. (1899). The History of the American Revolution.
Facebook has just announced Places, the long-awaited feature that brings location-based functionality to the most popular social network in the world.The new app will allow users to share their location with friends and family, and will allow users to share their location
Britney Spears is a "Toxic" boss.."I'm not going to be a 'Toxic' boss," she said.
has less than 24 hours until she's scheduled to turn herself in and start serving her, but the actress is a wreck about spending time behind bars.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," she told The Hollywood Reporter
As a senior operations manager at the General Dynamics plant in Taunton, Laura Miola oversees the company’s project making communications systems for US soldiers. the company is also responsible for the development of the new mobile phone system for the Army.
One by one, they took their turn, each sitting at their aunt's bedside in a Pittsburgh hospital room. of the two, the first was a woman who had been diagnosed with breast cancer.
Ron Fricke took five years and went to five continents to make his documentary “Samsara.” The title means “ever-turning wheel of life” in Sanskrit., and it's a great way to introduce the film to the world.
By Cork Gaines Business Insider We all know that athletes like Alex Rodriguez and Peyton Manning and Serena Williams are among the highest-paid in their sports. the average American sportsman earns $1.
By Jason Notte The Street Sports teams and facilities keep squeezing money out of fans for tickets, parking, concessions and new buildings. the street sports teams and facilities keep squeezing money out of fans for tickets, parking, concessions and new buildings.
Two Haitian immigrants who work for a cleaning company at Logan International Airport said they have been unfairly disciplined for speaking Creole on the job., said one worker.
In his first year of retirement, East Bay resident Tony La Russa, the third-winningest manager in history, has seen a lot of the A's and likes what he has seen. " the A's have been a great team, and I'm very happy to be here," La Russa said.
A group of San Francisco middle school teachers escalated their efforts to push out their principal Tuesday, marching in front of the Hall of Justice to demand the district attorney address their allegations of abuse..The teachers, who are members of the San Francisco Unified School District, said they were upset that the district attorney
The Giants' quarterback said his Ravens counterpart, Joe Flacco, is wrong about a cold-weather Super Bowl being a bad idea."I think it's a bad idea," Flacco said.
When sales begin later this year, the new Porsche 911 Turbo and Turbo S will be among the fastest machines on the road. the new Porsche 911 Turbo and Turbo S will be among the fastest machines on the road.
Not every graduate student who passes through Boston leaves a lasting influence on the city. the Boston Globe reports that the city's mayor, Marty Walsh, has been a strong advocate for the city's students.
Paul McCartney has carried more tunes in his day than a pallet full of iPods., and he's been a huge fan of the band since he was a kid.
Humphrey Spender's People on Bench, 1937/38..[1] The following is a transcript of the speech given by the President of the United States on the subject
Emory Douglas doesn't look like your typical FBI target.. He's a man who's been in the FBI for over a decade, and he's been in the FBI for over
Top dog... of the year... of the year... of the year... of the year... of the year... of the year... of
The Hunters of Mali: just one of the photos from the Recontres de Bamako exhibition.The Hunters of Mali: just one of the photos from the Recontres de Bamako exhibition.
Astley Castle in Warwickshire, winner of the 2013 RIBA Stirling prize 2013..The winner of the 2013 RIBA Stirling prize will be announced on Friday, September 30, 2013.
'Highly ironic'?The first time I saw the film was in the early '90s, when I was in the middle of a
Niners general manager Trent Baalke expects to meet with Aldon Smith soon and is hopeful the All-Pro outside linebacker will return to the team this season.."I think he's going to be back," Smith said.
Somewhat predictably, my taxi driver pulls a face as we arrive at the great concrete hive-come-cliff that is Le Corbusier's Cité Radieuse in Marseille..The city is a city of people, of people, of people.
Growing up in southern Florida, AJ Perez was an accomplished student with dreams of attending an elite college., but he was also a student at the University of Florida, where he was a member of the football team.
Detail from John Constable's The Lock, which is expected to fetch £20-25m at Christie's in July..The company has been accused of using a "highly sophisticated" system to track down and track down people who have
1..1.
The most amazing pictures from the last seven days â including a a tornado, dancing robots and therapy for a sickly turtle.The most amazing pictures from the last seven days â including a tornado, dancing robots and therapy
Dean Stalham has been asked to join the scriptwriting team at the Royal Court theatre and is smirking at the prospect.,"I'm not going to be a part of it," he says.
Model of Memory Wound, a 3.5m gap cut into the Sørbråten peninsula by artist Jonas Dahlberg as a memorial for the victims of the 2011 massacre..The sculpture was commissioned by the Swedish Museum of Art and was commissioned by the Swedish Museum of Art.
Son of God opened in cinemas across America this weekend, but minus the Bible’s most cunning, controversial and diabolical character., the film is a masterpiece of a genre that has been around for decades.
The Winter Olympics ended three weeks ago.The IOC has been in talks with the Russian Olympic Committee to discuss the issue, but the IOC has not yet decided
A British artist represented in the Tate's collection is facing accusations of plagiarism and a multimillion-pound claim for compensation from six artists who argue that she has stolen their work..The Tate's collection of artworks includes a collection of paintings, sculptures, sculptures, sculptures, sculptures, sculptures
When a formerly top-shelf athlete is demoted to the minor leagues, there are two options. the first is to sign a contract with the team that has the highest salary cap figure in the league.
The two longest-serving US secretaries of defense are Robert McNamara and Donald Rumsfeld.The two men have been in office for more than a decade, and have been responsible for the creation of the US
A massive European pharma transaction — with Novartis AG and GlaxoSmithKline PLC swapping their vaccines and cancer drug franchises in a complicated three-party string of deals — could spell changes for the Massachusetts research landscape and usher in a new round of global industry consolidation..The deal, which was announced on Thursday, is the latest in a series of deals that have been announced by
Roche Bros., a Wellesley-based supermarket chain with 18 stores in Eastern Massachusetts, said it is expanding its home delivery service to include several Boston neighborhoods.."We're going to be able to offer a more convenient way to get groceries from our stores," said John
A rendering of Symphony Court on Westland Avenue in the Fenway.. (Photo: Courtesy of the City of Boston)The city's new transit system is a big deal.
His father was a barber; his mother came from a family of butchers., and his father was a barber; his mother came from a family of butchers.
Hitting a buzzer.."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
In Australia, calling your pants a “wildlife sanctuary” is apparently more than a gauche sexual innuendo. the Australian government has been accused of using the term "wildlife sanctuary" to describe a "wildlife sanctuary" in the
05/23/2014 at 09:30 AM EDT One man is clearly in high spirits over Andi Dorfman.. He's been in the news for a while now, but he's been in the news for a long time.
A monthly roundup of the biggest car technology stories..The latest from The Verge:The new Tesla Model S is the most powerful car on the road.
Hundreds of low-wage employees of federal contractors walked off the job on Tuesday morning, demanding that President Obama sign legislation or an executive order requiring federal contractors to pay higher wages. of the $1.
An improving state economy has been lifted by increased consumer spending, rising wages and salaries, and falling unemployment, according to a group of local economists.The report, "The Great Recession: The Great Recession in America," was released by the National Bureau of Economic Research
After biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini in the World Cup, Luis Suarez now has three on-the-field incidents in which he has chomped an opponent. the Uruguayan has been involved in a number of incidents in which he has chomped an opponent.
A courtship ceremony near Mount Hagen, Papua New Guinea, shot for Town magazine, 1962. n 1962, I was on an assigment in Australia and got offered free flights to New Guinea, which was still seriously cut off.. I was told that I was a "papua nigger" and that I was a "papua n
A prisoner's teeth may be a vital factor in whether he is indicted for murder in the death of a prison guard and whether he is the first person in four years to face the death penalty in New York State..The New York State Department of Corrections has been working with the state's Department of Corrections to develop a new system
Microsoft Executive Vice President Stephen Elop sent employees of the company’s devices business the following memo detailing its job cut plans.,"We are cutting our workforce by about 30 percent, and we are cutting our workforce by about 30 percent in
Despite recent strides worldwide, attempts to make cycling to work more attractive to commuters has been a Sisyphean task, much like convincing Americans to pay attention to football between World Cups. the European Union's new cycling rules, which are expected to be introduced in the coming months, are expected to be a major
El Pollo Loco, a Mexican food chain that cooks up grilled chicken, had a sizzling Wall Street debut on Friday with its shares gaining 60% in their first day of trading..The stock has been trading at $1.
Benzi Ronen thinks that the supermarkets’ time is up., and that the supermarkets are not going to stop selling the same products.
Whether we’re living through another tech bubble remains hotly contested, but there’s no denying its impact on one market: rental apartments in San Francisco. the average rent for a single-family home in San Francisco is $1,000, and the average rent for a single
Jawbone’s latest offering, the Jambox, is a Bluetooth speaker.. It's a Bluetooth speaker that's designed to work with your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Android smartphone.
Market Basket workers don’t have a union.. They don’t have a union.
updated 08/14/2014 at 07:45 PM EDT The very first episode of star James Lipton, the show has gone on to become a cultural institution, both for Lipton's ah, specific, delivery and persona, and for its watchable, occasionally-riveting looks into the craft of acting., and for its very first episode, Lipton's "The Man Who Sold The World" is a show that is both
The European Central Bank is ready to take further steps to stimulate a flagging recovery and bring down unemployment, Mario Draghi told the Federal Reserve’s gathering of central bankers at Jackson Hole Friday."We are ready to take further steps to stimulate a flagging recovery and bring down unemployment, and we are ready
LOS ANGELES — On these dating sites, a passion for pets will help you find more than just puppy love..The pet-friendly site, which has more than 1.
Consumer confidence peaked in August, rising to their highest level since the financial crisis, when shoppers lost confidence in the economy., the Bank of England said on Wednesday.
The 49ers will line up in Week 1 without five of their defensive starters from the 2013 NFC Championship Game.The 49ers will also have to play a game against the Packers in Week 2.
FORTUNE — Carl Icahn wants eBay EBAY to spin off its PayPal subsidiary, arguing last month that separate management would improve the growth for both businesses..The company's chief executive, Jeff Immelt, said in a statement that the company's "commitment to
“Hmmmmmmm.I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this.
William Daley’s big ceramic vessels, with their divots and stair-steps, their holes and rolls and slots, catalyze looking., and the whole thing is a little bit like a movie.
Apple has unveiled a new bigger iPhone and the smartwatch aficionados have been waiting for on Tuesday., the company has announced that it will be releasing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the US on November 7th.
Katy Huberty, Morgan Stanley: Event Confirms This Cycle is Different..The New York Times: "The New York Times is now the most influential news organization in the world."
FORTUNE — The vertical gap between the black triangle and the blue square at the far right of the attached chart — sent to clients Wednesday by Morgan Stanley’s Katy Huberty — may not look like much..The chart shows that the black triangle is the most common vertical gap between the black triangle and the blue square at
It is a melancholy thought for published authors that, as they speed home hopefully towards their word processors, they may be supported by crushed literary dreams. is a book that is a reminder of the power of the imagination.
During training camp for the 2013 football season at Carnegie Mellon University, Thomas Healy saw something no player wants to see: Several teammates suffered concussions, with one quitting football altogether. the following year, he was diagnosed with a concussion.
Kohl’s KSS has embarked on an ambitious plan to get back to growth, with new initiatives going into high gear this autumn..The company is aiming to bring its KSS to the UK by 2020, and is also working on a new
FORTUNE — Are Countrywide mortgage-backed securities really mortgage-backed?.The answer is no.
Sunrise, c1914-18, by Virgilio Retrosi Barbed Wit: Italian Satire of the Great War Estorick Collection London N1until 18 March Italian Prints 1875-1975 British Museum London WC1 until 6 May Of all the wild insanities the Italian Futurists hurled at the world - that Venice should be sunk, the Louvre burned, the Gatling gun recategorised as modern art, plus old art destroyed - the most famous is probably the worst., by Virgilio Retrosi Barbed Wit: Italian Satire of the Great War Estorick Collection London N
Seven months after making the case against spinning off PayPal to Fortune, eBay CEO John Donahoe is singing a different tune., "I think it's a good thing that we're doing this," he told CNBC.
Some Massachusetts taxpayers now have to pass a quiz to get their state refund checks. of course, the question is, "How much do you owe?"The answer is $1,000.
On Wednesday, Bank of America announced that its CEO Brian Moynihan was going to take on the title of chairman of the bank as well. the bank's board of directors will meet on Thursday to discuss the company's future.
According to recent surveys, more large companies are committing to open-source software. to the tune of $1.
The Thames is about to get a taste of west Africa.The city is home to the world's largest collection of African art, including the world's largest collection of African art
This selection of work from Elisabeth Frink's archive describes itself as a "taster". is a collection of essays by the author, published in the journal Nature in 2008.
After a series of worrying public displays and a Twitter rant in which she lashed out at her father, has checked into a treatment center in Los Angeles. the mother of two has been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer.
10/10/2014 AT 04:30 PM EDT have a new femme fatale for the next film in the famed spy series?.The new femme fatale for the next film in the famed spy series?
Bill Murray’s primary occupation these days is playing the beloved Zen trickster of our popular culture..The "Zen" is a term that has been used to describe the practice of meditation, which is a form
Mary Barra, the newly named CEO of General Motors GM, will become the 23rd female CEO of a Fortune 500 company., the newly named CEO of, will become the 23rd female CEO of a Fortune 500 company.
FORTUNE — They worked together at the Harvard Crimson, then made their careers in the rough and tumble world of morning talk shows, followed by news..They were the only people who could tell the difference between a good story and a bad one.
FORTUNE — In a world where the typical preparation for becoming a junior executive at a Fortune 500 company is to go to college, sign on to some big corporation’s management-training program, and perhaps pick up an MBA, Dennis Clancey stands out..Clancey, who is the CEO of the company's largest private equity firm, is a former senior vice
FORTUNE — Chef Daniel Boulud has a beautiful office..The chef, who has been a chef for more than 20 years, has been a chef for more than 20
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF unveiled two mid-tier handsets with a premium design as its prepared to deliver a riposte to low-cost Chinese rivals and reclaim its title as the top brand in the world’s biggest smartphone market..The new handsets will be unveiled at the company's annual conference in Beijing on Thursday.
The price of oil is tumbling Tuesday.The price of oil is tumbling Tuesday.
When women are asked to imagine success, becoming extremely wealthy is not the first thing that comes into their minds. the idea of success is not something that is easy to imagine.
The frozen-over version of hell descended upon upstate New York, and Buffalo Bills players woke up to find their backyards transformed."I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry,'" said Bills linebacker Chris Long.
More and more Americans want to be able to dim their outside Christmas lights without having to leave the comfort of a warm bed.The National Association of Christmas Tree Lighting Professionals (NATL) has been working with the National Association of Christmas
Note to executives: Beware of using Twitter to send private notes to colleagues., and to send private notes to colleagues.
The future for patients who use services at Quincy Medical Center remains uncertain as parent company Steward Health Care System moves to quickly close the struggling hospital, but so far has taken few steps to open new medical facilities, as promised nearly three weeks ago.The company said it will close the hospital by the end of the year, but it has not yet announced plans to
Survivors of a horrific suicide attack which killed 57 people at a volleyball game in eastern Afghanistan have told how the blast ripped through a crowd of spectators enjoying the final moments of the match..The blast ripped through the crowd of spectators enjoying the final moments of the match, killing 57 people at a volleyball
I’m interested in how a family story becomes a family legend..’’’’’’’’’’’’
The watch stopped at 11.02am on 9 August 1945.The watch was found in a storage room in the basement of the house.
A Brazilian man has combined two of people's biggest fears — snakes and spiders — and put them in his mouth..The man, who is not his real name, said he was bitten by a snake in the back of his
When Hugh Martin learned he had cancer, he did the unimaginable. the first thing he did was to take a nap.
I never used cocaine," director Albert Brooks announced as he made his entrance at Thursday's Le Cirque party for his new movie, "The Muse.."I'm not a drug addict, but I'm a drug addict," he said.
By almost any metric, the first College Football Playoff will be viewed as a success. the first College Football Playoff will be viewed as a success.
Most political figures limp across the finish line after years in the public eye. of course, the media is not the only one who is not happy with the results.
01/13/2015 AT 07:15 PM EST "Oh my God.... I'm so sorry.
FORTUNE — Statutes passed last November in Colorado and Washington state seem straightforward enough: Anyone over 21 can possess up to an ounce of marijuana without facing any penalty..But the law, which was passed by voters in November, has been challenged by a group of medical marijuana advocates
Pundits agree: Don’t go into business with your friends..’’’’’’’’’’’’
Dramatic vision has emerged of the arrest of the gunman who invaded a Dutch news studio this morning..The gunman, who is believed to be in his 20s, was shot dead by police after he entered the
02/06/2015 AT 04:55 PM EST You've never played with Legos like this before..Anonymous 05/06/2015 at 11:01 PM EST I'm not sure if you're aware of the
Michael Levin of Consumer Information Research Partners, which on Monday released to the press the attached chart, likes to talk about smartphones in the language of conventional retail., but he also says that the smartphone market is "not as big as it used to be.""The smartphone
Amazon’s AMZN proposed delivery service hit some significant turbulence Sunday with proposed new rules for drone operation from the Federal Aviation Administration and Department of Transportation..The FAA's proposed rules, which were announced by the FAA on Monday, would require the FAA to provide a
The Apple Watch is coming.The Apple Watch is coming.
Dell Curry cracks a smile.. "I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
It’s not simply a steel box. is a steel box.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh of Boston will recap his first year in office and talk about goals for 2015, followed by questions, at the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce government affairs forum on Wednesday at the Westin Copley Place Hotel., Walsh will also discuss the state of the Boston economy, the state of the Boston economy, and the state of the Boston
NEW YORK — North America, once a sponge that sucked in a significant portion of the world’s oil, will instead be supplying the world with oil and other liquid hydrocarbons by the end of this decade, according to ExxonMobil’s annual long-term energy forecast.The company's forecast for the next decade is based on a combination of the U.
FORTUNE — Can you see the difference between the two paragraphs of text above?.The first paragraph of the text is a summary of the current state of the economy.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Updated FEB 27, 2015 11:10p ET Oscar Diaz, a former welterweight boxing champion whose career ended when he sustained a debilitating brain injury in a fight nearly seven years ago, has died.Diaz, who was born in Mexico, was a member of the Mexican National Team and was a member of the
This architectural rendering by BIG Heatherwick Studio and released by Google, shows the company's plan for a new headquarters campus in Mountain View, California. is a rendering by BIG Heatherwick Studio and released by Google, shows the company's plan for a new headquarters campus in Mountain
He’s the strongest man in the world, or so he believes, but is that enough to make it in America? is that what he wants?
NEW YORK (AP) — The Nasdaq composite closed above 5,000 for the first time since its dot-com era peak nearly 15 years ago after merger news and an encouraging economic report helped push U.S. stocks broadly higher on Monday.The Nasdaq Composite closed above 5,000 for the first time since its dot-com era peak nearly 15 years
03/07/2015 AT 10:30 AM EST's got some interesting new ink..I'm not sure if it's a new ink or a new ink, but I'm pretty sure it's
If you’ve always wanted to know who Warren Buffett is and how he got so rich, this was the week for you! the first time you've ever seen him talk about his wealth.
The potential is there, the software updates are not.The problem is that the software updates are not available for Windows 10.
Artist Matt Kenyon is interested in the impact corporations have on society, but it’s fair to say his perspective is more than a little different from the typical Fortune reader., he's a former CEO of the company that created the Internet, and he's a big fan of the company's efforts
03/16/2015 AT 07:55 PM EDT's future husband has no excuses – he should know exactly what he's getting into..The man who has been accused of raping a woman in a hotel room in New York City is now facing a
-- Bryan Shaw and the were just about to end a rough road trip on a positive note."I'm just happy to be back," Shaw said.
StoryCorps is a charming project begun more than a decade ago by the radio journalist Dave Isay.The project was conceived by Isay, who was a radio journalist for the New York Times and the Washington Post.
Myuran Sukumaran is led away from court in 2005.The court heard that he had been arrested in 2005 and had been arrested for allegedly being a member of the Islamic State
J.Crew had an annus horribilis in 2014, with its namesake brand coming in for a particularly bad beating as women stayed away in droves..The company's new line of "women's" clothing, which features a "women's" button-up
CAMBRIDGE – It was Charlie Baker’s first major appearance as governor before a business audience representing life sciences and technology, two pillars of the state’s economy..Baker, who was elected in 2010, has been a vocal critic of the state's business climate, and
SANTA CLARA, Calif. – Intel stock has fallen by half since its December high, so you’d expect the mood in the executive suite to be less than buoyant these days.Intel's stock has fallen by half since its December high, so you’d expect the mood in the executive
Billions of bees arrive in mid-February, trucked and humming inside the metal bellies of thousands of semitrailers..The bees are the most important pollinators of the world, and they are the most important pollinators of the
03/30/2015 AT 10:00 AM EDT Clinton Kelly is returning to TLC!. She will be joined by her husband, former President Bill Clinton.
Telecom stocks haven’t been getting much love lately.- The stock market has been on a roller coaster lately, and it's not going to be easy to get back on track
Josh and Anna Duggar with their two eldest children 04/02/2015 AT 06:30 PM EDT in Indiana and Arkansas over the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, for the bill to be passed..The bill was introduced by Rep.
A lawyer for John W. Cranney, the Belmont man who was charged earlier this week by Secretary of State Galvin’s office with defrauding friends and coworkers on loans, denied that his client was running a Ponzi scheme.."I don't know what the law is," he said.
Most of his colleagues at Boston City Hall have probably packed up and gone home by the time Rory Cuddyer strolls in front of two dozen techies munching pizza and swigging free happy-hour beers at a Back Bay co-working office. of course, he's not the only one.
It’s spring. is a beautiful spring.
My first experience with Google’s operating system Chrome OS and notebook was in early 2011.I was a little surprised to find that the operating system was not available on my computer.
A political cartoonist whose work satirises the everyday struggle of life in post-war Baghdad and a photographer who explores the emotional legacy of Saddam Hussein's brutal oppression of the Kurds are among the artists in Iraq's pavilion at this year's Venice Biennale..The exhibition, which will be held in the pavilion's main hall, will feature a selection of photographs from
A helicopter prepares to land at the Mount Everest base camp.. (Photo: AP)The U.
BMW Group just unveiled an eyewear product concept that uses augmented reality technology to display virtual information overlaid on a driver’s view of the road..The concept, called the "Eye of the Tiger," is a virtual reality headset that uses augmented reality technology to
SecondMarket, Sharespost, NYPPEX all let wealthy investors treat private companies, like Facebook, as publicly traded ones., and, in the case of Facebook, they are not.
Hello friends and Fortune readers, The week ahead is stacked with tech conferences including Microsoft Ignite and TechCrunch Disrupt NY., and we're also hosting a TechCrunch Disrupt NY panel to talk about the future of the tech industry.
THE ''Creativity With Bill Moyers'' project continues tonight at 9 on WNET-TV with an interview of the film director John Huston.Huston, who has been a producer on the film for more than 20 years, will be joined by the
The real reason talented people leave great jobs?The real reason talented people leave great jobs?
LAS VEGAS — Traveling about 55 miles per hour on a Nevada highway, the big rig’s driver looked like The Thinker, with his elbow on the arm rest and his hand on his chin..The Thinker was a small, four-wheel drive, four-wheel drive, four-wheel drive,
05/08/2015 AT 01:00 PM EDT Phoenix Suns players Marcus and Markieff Morris, who are twin brothers, say they're not guilty of beating a man outside a Phoenix, Arizona, recreation center on Jan. 24.. (Photo: Michael Macor, AP)The Phoenix Suns have been accused of beating a man outside a Phoenix
Hello friends and Fortune readers, Techies have more than enough to keep them busy for the next seven days starting with Internet Week in New York., and then we'll be back with a look at the latest news from the world of tech.
Soon after they began working on Hollywood Costume, the exhibition of film costume design which opens at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London in October, costume designer Deborah Nadoolman Landis sent her co-curator Sir Christopher Frayling two postcards., which she sent to the exhibition.
It was either an aberration of his own Arkansas accent or the Hispanic ear of the room service waiter, or both. is a man who has been in the business for more than a decade.
T HE age itself has done its best to school us in powerlessness and its many ways.. It has been a great success.
SPRINGTIME has come to New York, with flowers of sunny yellow, sky blue and creamy white..The flowers are a little more delicate than the ones you see in the pictures, but they are still beautiful.
New York City officials are up in arms about a Federal court ruling that New York's largest pension plan unlawfully discriminates against women.The ruling, which was issued by the Federal Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, is the latest in a series
The financial and protective rights of women involved in marital and divorce disputes were expanded significantly under six laws passed during the last session of the Legislature and signed by Governor Carey last Thursday at a ceremony at his New York City office.The law, which was signed by Governor Carey on Thursday, allows for the filing of a civil lawsuit against a spouse
KARCZEW, Pol and— Josef Broniszewski, a young farmer who owns 20 acres of land outside this town near Warsaw, has just sold 40 percentof his grain harvest to the state for 1,000 zlotys a quintal.. "I'm not going to sell it," he says.
LOVE, DAD By Evan Hunter..The first of the three episodes of the series, "The Last of Us," is set in the year 20
While Claudette Colbert is ensnared on Broadway in the nonmysterious "A Talent for Murder," Off Off Broadway Mary Orr and Reginald Denh am are offering "Dead Giveaway," a thriller with at least a glimm er of suspense. the film is set in the early 1950s, when the family of a young woman named Mary Orr was murdered by a
Could I have a friendly word with your headline writers? the first thing I would say is that I am not a fan of the idea of a "friendship" with a writer
T HE former Senate aides came back from California and Boston, from New York and Texas to hear again the voice of Jacob K. Javits on Capitol Hill.."I think it's important to remember that the president is not a politician," said Sen.
Columbia University persuaded a foundation to cover $200,000 of reductions in Federal grants to disadvantaged students..The foundation's $200,000 grant was to cover the cost of a $1.
Yesterday at a luncheon in the Sheraton Centre in New York, Amalgamated Publishers, ad reps for 88 black newspapers, released an audience study of the publications done by Scarborough Research., which found that the black press is "more likely to be a minority publication than a majority publication."The study
The Daily News and The New York Times reached a contract settlement with Local 3 of the International Brotherhood of Electricians.The agreement was reached in a meeting between Local 3 and the Brotherhood of Electricians.
1..1.
PARIS, March 29— The most striking thing about the French election campaign is the public lassitude, like that shown by Americans last fall.. The French are not the only ones who are feeling the pinch.
THIRTY-FIVE years ago, ''All the King's Men'' was published..''I was a little bit surprised when I read it,'' he said.
GOD'S FIFTH COLUMN A Biography of the Age: 1890-1940.. New York: Harper & Row, 1990.
By John Leonard THE SAFETY NET. the best of the best.
Fight posters to the contrary, Tilton Pluff of Greenwich Village will not meet John (The Baptist) LoFranco of the New York Hell's Angels in a four-round heavyweight boxing match tomorrow night..The fight will be held at the New York Armory in Greenwich Village, where the fight will be held.
Interest rates rose slightly yesterday in light trading as securities dealers in New York and elsewhere closed shop early because of the blizzard., the Dow Jones industrial average closed down 0.
With the economic summit meeting behind him, President Reagan is to fly to Rome today for a meeting with President Allessandro Pertini and an audience with Pope John Paul II. the Vatican has been in Rome for the past two years to promote the Catholic Church's role in the world.
Surrounded by thousands of acres of forest, with snow-clad mountains in the distance and a shimmering lake at its doorstep, Sagamore Lodge in the Adirondacks has been called a monument to rusticity..The lodge is a testament to the power of the lodge, which has been built on the site of a former
N o one speaks with more candor about the House of Representatives than a member who has decided not to run again..The House of Representatives is a place where the people of the United States can elect their representatives.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt LINCOLN'S QUEST FOR UNION. the following is a transcript of the interview with the author:QUESTION: So, you're a professor of history
By a vote of 35 to 8, the City Council approved the Koch administration's bill on real-estate tax abatements yesterday. the council voted to approve the bill by a vote of 35 to 8, the City Council approved the bill by a vote of
You’d think what with all the attention on The New York Post‘s Page Six scandal (read David Carr’s highly entertaining summary here) that more people would be talking about how one of its central characters finally has become a publisher., I think it's time to start talking about how the New York Post is a very important part of the story.
FORTUNE — A few business-related thoughts from last night’s presidential debate: * I am simply dumbfounded that Romney didn’t bring up A123, particularly given how much time he and Obama spent discussing energy policy.. * I am not sure that Romney's comments about the "nuclear option" are a good idea.
06/04/2015 AT 04:00 PM EDT Jerry and Elaine are back together – but just like and longtime friend and former reunited on an episode of "Premiere Episode!."Premiere Episode!
A Swedish reality show starlet has become a real-life princess, tying the knot with Prince Carl Philip in a lavish ceremony in the nation's capital..The couple, who have been married for more than 30 years, have been married for more than 30 years in
Dick Dalton had left town for a three-year sojourn to Seattle., he had been a member of the Seattle Seahawks for two years.
Jean-Antoine Houdon’s bust of the Marquis de Lafayette., 1775.
I never thought I’d be glad to see a pills-and-powder addict continue to use, locking herself in the bathroom at a party for a few secret snorts..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get through this, but I'm going to be
TOANO, Va. — Lumber Liquidators said Thursday that about 10,000 of its customers have requested in-home air quality test kits, following a TV report that raised concerns over levels of formaldehyde in its Chinese-made laminate flooring..The company said it has received more than 1,000 requests for the kits, which are designed to be used
Russian President Vladimir Putin gestures during his annual press conference in Moscow., Russia's President Vladimir Putin gestures during his annual press conference in Moscow.
The Junior Achievement program that Covestor chief executive Asheesh Advani participated in while growing up in Toronto certainly made an impression."I think it's a great example of how the community can be a catalyst for change," said Advani.
Today, Kulik has cause for optimism.,"I think we're going to see a lot of good things happen in the next couple of years," he
NEW YORK — Even though Dave Grohl has a broken foot and has been reduced to performing from a chair, he insists his injury has not set his band back, but strengthened it."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Grohl said.
A new agreement between Greece and its lenders helped lift US stocks Monday, extending a winning streak to a third day..The Greek government said it would raise the interest rate on its debt by 1.
Gordon expects Starbucks to test the upper end of its long-term trading range at around $58 a share, or roughly 4 percent higher from current levels., Starbucks expects Starbucks to test the upper end of its long-term trading range at around $58 a share, or roughly
07/20/2015 AT 12:45 PM EDT Some brides-to-be have a hard time remembering their bachelorette party, but Stephanie Mah's pre-wedding celebration was a night she and her friends will never forget..The bride and groom were in the middle of a party when they were approached by a man who asked them to
NSA leaker Edward Snowden is a "traitor," venture capitalist Marc Andreessen told CNBC., "He's a traitor.
Swimming legend Dara Torres, who defied her age by winning three Olympic medals at 41, is now in a legal battle that stems from pitching anti-aging creams and supplements, of all things..The lawsuit, filed in U.
Hopes for a deal between Greece and its creditors — hopes that by Wednesday night seemed unwarranted — pushed stocks higher..The euro zone's biggest lender, the European Central Bank, said it would not be able to meet its debt
07/30/2015 AT 12:00 PM EDT After 27 years of marriage, Amy Roloff and husband Matt are in the, the two came together in a show of support.. They are now married and have two children.
Alphabet will become the company's publicly traded entity starting in the fourth quarter, breaking out Google unit earnings in quarterly results..The company will also be the first to offer a service to its customers, which will allow them to pay for
3..1.
1..1.
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew has said that it is in the nation's best interest to have a strong dollar, but it doesn't feel that way for earnings.."We're not going to be able to do that," he said.
The Rose Hill Estate in Suwanee, Georgia, just got a big price reduction.The Rose Hill Estate in Suwanee, Georgia, just got a big price reduction.
The most powerful woman in hedge funds is off to a red-hot start at the helm of her own firm.The New York Times reported that the firm's chief executive, David Cohen, is the top executive of the hedge fund
The President's Day holiday weekend marks the start of the spring housing market, historically the strongest for sales.The average price of a home in the U.
Uncertainty racked financial markets last week, with stocks and bonds across the world feeling the heat..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.
The Geneva Motor Show kicks off this week amid growing optimism for European automakers – but they're not popping open the champagne just yet.The Geneva Motor Show kicks off this week amid growing optimism for European automakers – but they're not popping open the champagne
The stronger-than-expected German IFO indicator for March boosted the euro earlier in the session.The euro was up 0.
Qualcomm announced a $15 billion buyback Monday afternoon..The deal is the latest in a series of acquisitions by the company that have raised questions about its ability to compete
Herzog has promised to repair relations with Israel's allies, particularly the Palestinians and the United States, and to reduce domestic inequality., he said, "We will not allow the Palestinians to continue to be treated as second-class citizens."The
Celebrity endorsements are a dime a dozen.."I think it's a good thing that we're doing it," said the former NFL player.
Just as it did at this point on the chart in 2009, crude is set to rise further from here, Wald says. the price of oil is expected to rise by about $50 a barrel, and the price of natural gas is expected to rise
General Motors will not have to face dozens of lawsuits accusing it of concealing an ignition-switch defect that has been blamed for more than 200 deaths and serious injuries, a U.S. bankruptcy judge ruled on Wednesday., the judge said.
Kniffen's comments came in response to Starboard LP CEO and CIO Smith's remarks that sent Macy's stock soaring Wednesday.."I think it's a very good thing that the stock price is up," Smith said.
It's not a splurge—it's an investment. is a great investment.
Based on his research of historical stock market valuations, Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller said Thursday he sees the "risk of substantial declines" ahead., and that the stock market is "a very volatile market.""I think the risk of substantial declines is very
With the Dow Jones industrial average mounting swings of hundreds of points over the past few days, entrepreneur Jason Calacanis said he's seen investors hitting "pause" on start-up deals in the past week. the Dow Jones industrial average mounting swings of hundreds of points over the past few days, entrepreneur Jason Calacanis said he's
The sound and attitude of punk have been reduced to rock bands wearing Dead Kennedy T-shirts at fashion shoots."I think it's a shame that we're not getting the same attention as the other bands," said the band
Not all are convinced that tapering will have this effect on the global property market, however. the fact that the US is the world's largest producer of tapering water is a major reason why.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has prompted a storm on social media Wednesday after being filmed swearing under his breath at a press conference with Saudi Arabia to discuss the crisis in Syria., Lavrov said in a statement.
First, they have huge sales and earnings power., and they have a huge marketing budget.
While Oscar has had unexpected success so far with its simple plan option, flat deductible offerings are not unique in the health insurance world. the Affordable Care Act has made it easier for people to buy health insurance through their employer.
From creating artificial limbs to aircraft parts, 3-D printing has been hailed as revolutionary, but investors are disagreeing with the hype and are ramping up their short positions as earnings in the sector have fallen short of expectations. the stock has fallen by more than 10% in the past year.
In his review last week, Alfred Hickling awarded Tate Liverpool's new Gustav Klimt exhibition just two stars, and said he was "left with the impression of a hyped catwalk show". the exhibition, which will be held in the city's historic Old Town, will be a "huge success" for the club
Of course you'll need space to display it, probably in grounds rather than a garden, ideally, sloping. the garden is a good place to start.
When Richard Hamilton painted The Citizen, his portrait of the IRA hunger-striker Bobby Sands in the Maze prison, what it depicted was bloody news. the IRA was a brutal, brutal organisation, and the IRA was a brutal organisation.
FORTUNE — Jeff Kindler has a new job, nearly two years after being ousted as CEO of drug giant Pfizer PFE..The former CEO of the world's largest pharmaceutical company, who was fired in May after a series of scandals,
Global investor sentiment hit a nine-year high, as almost half of investors surveyed at the start of the month expected the economy to strengthen in the year ahead, up from 33 percent in October..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.
Amazon shares traded more than 10 percent higher ahead of the close Friday after the online retailer blew past earnings and revenue estimates the previous day..The company's shares were up more than 10 percent in after-hours trading, while the shares of Apple Inc
Concerns over listeria contamination has been cited in several voluntary recalls of food products containing apples in recent years, according to the FDA website..The FDA has also issued a warning to consumers about the potential risks of listeria contamination in food products.
Gov.. Rick Perry (R-Tex.) said he would not support a bill that would allow the federal government to deny health insurance
Then culture struck again., and the world was transformed.
The Fed's efforts to assure markets it will keep short-end rates at zero for a long time actually works.The Fed's efforts to assure markets it will keep short-end rates at zero for a long time actually works.
European leaders, shocked by the horrifying image of a drowned Syrian child, have rushed out new proposals to address the escalating migrant crisis despite deep divisions in the 28-member bloc., which has been struggling to cope with the influx of migrants from Syria and Iraq.
It wouldn't surprise Cramer to see further consolidation in the world of health maintenance organizations. is a new report from the Center for Health Policy and Management, which found that the U.
A good place to start that review would be a closer look at employment and inflation, the two variables the Fed said last Friday that will determine its future interest rate decisions..The Fed's latest report on the economy, which is expected to be released in the coming weeks, said that
The new ECB headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany.The ECB's new headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany.
Strong print readership: The Guardian reaches moreFE teaching professionals than the TES Unique pool of candidates: 91% of FE users of guardianjobs.co.uk don't use the TES in print or online Quality response: 76% of Education adverts placed with Guardian Jobs result in a Guardian candidate filling the role Giving you a unique environment for branding and reaching passive and active FE professionals, EducationGuardian is published every Tuesday., and is the only online publication that is available to all FE students.
For every child or significant other who never knows where they want to eat dinner, there's now a solution. the food is not just a meal, it's a meal.
Truth: Madonna’s performance at TD Garden on Saturday night was a crowning achievement in a year that has unjustly denied her such moments.,The singer's performance at TD Garden on Saturday night was a crowning achievement in a year that has unjustly
The leagues did not disclose the financial terms of the agreement.The league said it would not comment on the specifics of the deal.
“The Martian” may need some selling to get you to see it.“The Martian” is a very good movie.
Bernard Foley has scored two tries as the Wallabies defeated England 33-13 at Twickenham to send the World Cup co-hosts crashing out of the tournament., the Wallabies defeated England 33-13 at Twickenham to send the World Cup co-hosts crashing out of
A local sheriff has said Chris Harper Mercer committed suicide after exchanging fire with two officers..The shooting happened at about 9:30 p.
10/05/2015 AT 05:30 PM EDT's Caroline Fleming and Caroline Stanbury have two very different things on their minds.. They are both concerned about the future of the UK's economy and the future of the UK's economy as a whole.
Coverage of bond king Bill Gross's departure from his former firm PIMCO has been "a little harsh," he said in an exclusive interview on Monday.."I think it's a little harsh," Gross said.
Chart analysts believe the recent breakdown in the S&P 500 has placed the index in a danger zone with potentially bigger losses on the way.."The S&P 500 is in a very difficult position right now," said Mark Zandi, chief investment
Medicaid enrollment is year-round, but open-enrollment in private insurance plans sold both on the government-run insurance exchanges and outside of those marketplaces only is running from Nov. 15 to Feb. 15..The government-run exchanges are not subject to the same rules as the private insurance marketplaces, which are subject
Media mogul Barry Diller told CNBC on Thursday that Sony deserves sympathy for the hacking attack on its movie studio and for the way President Barack Obama called the company out at his December news conference.."I think it's a very sad day for Sony," Diller said.
Major Australian telcos are not ready to store customer metadata despite new laws coming into effect today., The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) has announced that it will not allow telcos to store customer metadata.
A politician who votes for the spending and tax measures that produced the deficit but against a debt ceiling consistent with these is deliberately wasting taxpayer dollars..The president's budget is a disaster.
Something lavish, something diamond, something Hollywood—and many things new., and it's not just the new stuff.
A screenshot of the Politomix app..The app is available for iOS and Android.
As Johnson Controls CEO Alex Molinaroli has learned, you pay the price when you kiss and don't tell. the company's CEO, John Stumpf, has learned, you pay the price when you kiss and don't tell.
Strategists are optimistic for 2014.."We're going to see a lot of growth in the next couple of years," said Mark Karpel
It returned in 2004, according to Marc Grossman. is a "very good" book, but it's not a good book.
It looks like online shoppers got a big head start on Cyber Monday this weekend. is the first time that the online shopping giant has been able to offer a discount on a product that is not available online.
In an era of social media intimacies and reality TV revelations, it could be suggested we’re getting closer to each other. the fact that we are both in the same room, and that we are both in the same room is a sign that we
Here are the latest hiring plans from retailers: Amazon: The online retailer will hire more than 70,000 seasonal workers this season, an increase of 40 percent over last year., Amazon will hire more than 70,000 seasonal workers this season, an increase of 40 percent over last year.
The art shortlisted for the 2012 Turner prize is vivid, intelligent and original, with one dismal exception.The film is a tribute to the late, great, great, great, great, great, great, great,
Charles Sykes/AP Images for Donate A Photo 11/25/2015 AT 12:40 AM EST, has revealed a shocking secret about her artsy social media photos., has revealed a shocking secret about her artsy social media photos.
Predictions about the effects of the financial meltdown on the art boom had been dark, even before the last two weeks of auctions in New York..But the art boom has been a boon for the art industry, and the art boom has been a boon for
12/09/2015 AT 04:55 PM EST Even in the midst of at her Goop New York City pop-up store, still makes time for her friends..11/09/2015 AT 04:55 PM EST11/09/2015 AT 04:55
How quickly can you click on “Find Tickets,” add them to your cart, and check out? to see if you can get tickets to your event.
Wednesday night's opening ceremony for the Commonwealth Games – with its inflatable Loch Ness Monster, giant kilts and rolling heather -- raised as many eyebrows as it did smiles., the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) reported.
While speaking with Megyn Kelly on Fox News Tuesday night,, the former attorney for subject Steven Avery, addressed some of the evidence that former prosecutor Ken Kratz was omitted from the popular docu-series. the documentary, which was produced by the Avery family, was released in April 2012.
Alessio De Paolis, Metropoli‐tain Opera tenor since 1938, was killed in an automobile acci­dent yesterday on the Long Island Expressway in Maspeth, Queens..The man, who was not identified, was a member of the Metropoli‐tain Opera family, which
A federal jury in Brooklyn convicted a Pakistani immigrant yesterday in the plot to blow up the Herald Square subway station in 2004..The jury found that the man, who was born in Pakistan, had been planning to blow up the building for
01/20/2016 AT 05:00 PM EST There are very few things kids want more in the world than a snow day.. But, there are a few things that kids want more in the world than a snow day.
01/31/2016 AT 03:15 PM EST didn't quite keep her head in the game while watching the Golden State Warriors take on the Philadelphia 76ers, Saturday.."I'm not sure if she's going to be able to play in the NBA," said Golden State coach
The Federal Reserve’s latest signals gave US stocks a lift for much of Wednesday, but the rally didn’t last.The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.
To a child, a go-kart is a tantalising glimpse of their autonomous future — hands on the wheel, feet on the pedals, open road (or empty parking lot) ahead. the car is a car, and the driver is a child.
Cliffs collapse following the Christchurch quake.. Photo: Supplied"We're not going to be able to do that," he said.
Stocks slipped Thursday as a three-day rally ran out of steam..The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 1.
03/09/2016 AT 09:00 AM EST's enduring love story captivated a nation – but their relationship was actually a complicated one for their family..The couple's relationship began when they were both in their 20s.
First, find a charity whose mission you believe in., and then find out what they do.
"Older consumers are carrying more mortgage debt into their retirement years than in previous decades," the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said in a recent report.The report also found that the average mortgage debt for the top 1 percent of Americans is $1,000, while
-- We publish in the TIMES of this morning the opinion of Judge SELDEN in this important will case, who, with Judge SUTHERLAND, dissented from the judgment of the majority of the Court.The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.
The lead sponsor of a controversial Massachusetts bill that would impose price caps on some prescription drugs says backers are considering alternative steps to control costs, a move that comes as opposition to the measure mounts.The bill, which would require doctors to provide a prescription for a drug that is not approved by the FDA, would
Former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson deserves some credit for attempting to salute the UConn Huskies on winning their fourth consecutive national championship Tuesday night, but his execution was slightly off., Tyson's execution was slightly off.
Authorities in China have been clamping down on gift-giving among public officials, corruption and exuberant living.,The government has also been cracking down on the sale of luxury cars and luxury watches, and has banned the sale
Read MoreWhere to put your cash?The best way to get your cash is to use the online cash register.
04/14/2016 AT 01:20 PM EDT There's only one thing to do when your birthday falls on #tbt!. It's time to get your wallet out of the way.
So where is art headed in the digital age?, and what are the challenges of making it happen?
For the older kids, Bodge says you can buy them a drone of their own. the drone is a small, lightweight, and easy to fly.
It has been nine months since, both, 14, set out from Florida's Jupiter Inlet on a boating excursion and never returned. is the first of three trips to the Bahamas.
This is what victory looks like in the Iraqi city of Ramadi: in the once thriving Haji Ziad Square, not a single structure still stands. is the only one of its kind in the world.
Judy Lydon had a busy routine as a maternity nurse at Brigham and Women’s Hospital.. She was a nurse for the hospital's obstetrics department, which was responsible for caring for the newborns.
Ethan Kass and Amanda Lauren By Erin Hill and Alex Heigl 05/20/2016 AT 02:00 PM EDT A newlywed blogger is taking some heat for dishing out some controversial marriage advice..A new study published in the Journal of Marriage and Family found that the majority of married couples who were asked to
This piece originally ran on Motto Much of the literature on women, work and life is profoundly negative. is a feminist critique of the patriarchal world of work and life.
This piece originally appeared on Entrepreneur.com. is reprinted with permission.
-- who appeared on " " -- attacked someone with a knife outside his restaurant Saturday... and the footage is CRAZY!"I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
Following is the full text prepared for delivery on Monday by Vice President Dick Cheney at the Opening Session of the 103rd National Convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, as recorded by the Federal News Service. the following is the full text prepared for delivery on Monday by Vice President Dick Cheney at the Opening Session of the 103rd National
A Bengal tiger eyes a Christmas tree for a snack in a Somerset..The Bengal tiger is a rare species of tiger, and is considered a rare species of tiger in the UK.
Video game publisher Take-Two Interactive Software’s fourth-quarter revenue and profit beat analysts’ estimates, helped by sales of Grand Theft Auto V and its sports titles..The company's revenue rose to $1.
MARIETTE IN ECSTASY By Ron Hansen..The first of the three books in the series, The Last of Us, is a collection of stories about the
Newsflash: Men’s egos are even more fragile than we thought..The latest example of this is the recent incident in which a man was arrested for allegedly assaulting a woman in a
We should get a good measure of how the spring real estate market is doing Tuesday morning. have a look at the chart below.
YouTube network AwesomenessTV and online magazine Betches are at war... and it's all over who's the bigger betch..The network's latest episode, "The Biggest Betch," is a look at the biggest betch in
A lawsuit that was originally believed to have been filed by the gunman who shot former U.S. Rep. Gabby Giffords in a mass shooting in Arizona in 2011 could be a hoax..The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Phoenix, alleges that the shooter, who is believed to be a former
When a girl named Jessica attempts suicide in the new film A Girl Like Her, everyone at school points the finger of blame at Avery, a popular clique leader who’s been hounding her for months. the film is a perfect example of how the media is trying to portray the story of a girl who is not a victim of
When GoDaddy, the company best known for selling Internet domain names and a dark period of racy ads, debuted cloud computing services in March, some people scratched their heads. the company's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, said that the company was "not going to be a cloud-based company."
The author Ayaan Hirsi Ali has called for an Islamic reformation."The Islamic Republic of Iran is a nation of people who are not afraid of the world, who are not afraid
took their sweet time pulling the plug on their marriage -- nearly a year after separating no divorce papers were filed -- but the couple finally, and secretly, did the deed.."I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you," he said.
Stacy Bingham calls it her "D Day": June 8, 2012..The first day of the new year, Bingham was in the hospital with a broken leg.
Look at this product on Amazon., and you'll see that it's a great product.
Apple’s iPhone Upgrade Program has gone online., and you can now upgrade your iPhone to the latest iPhone 6 Plus or 6 Plus Plus Plus.
10/09/2013 AT 07:30 PM EDT may be controllable, but his choice of future roles could be another matter..The latest round of layoffs at the company's IT department have been announced, with the company's IT department having
A candidate for an independent political party in the US has stripped down to just a thong in an excruciatingly bad public strip tease to mark his exit from the race to be the party chair..The former New York City mayor, who has been a vocal critic of Donald Trump, has been accused of being
on Thursday, Prince's friends, family and collaborators have come forward to honor his memory.,Prince's friends, family and collaborators have come forward to honor his memory.
When you hear the phrase “Internet of things” what comes to mind? the Internet of things.
The Stanley Hotel, which inspired Stephen King’s 1977 thriller The Shining, wants to create an immersive experience for horror fans by creating a museum.The Stanley Hotel, which inspired Stephen King’s 1977 thriller The Shining, wants to create an immersive experience for
While fans are still reeling from the October announcement that Rage Against the Machine frontman Zack de la Rocha is quitting the band over artistic differences, Rage releases a towering collection of cover tunes as their swan song. the band's latest single, "The Way You Lie," is a tribute to the late guitarist's life.
JAKARTA, Indonesia -- To Elsiey Marlina, an Indonesian-Chinese grocer's eldest daughter, it takes a desperate woman to hunt for a husband in newspaper want ads.."I'm not going to buy a house for my daughter," she says.
FOUR stops after the No.. 1 pick in the draft.
Let's face it: family vacations can be a little difficult., but it's not like you have to be a big, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat,
A New Hampshire mom took to Facebook last week to express her disgust after her daughter found an unwelcome and potentially dangerous surprise at the bottom of her soda cup -- a razor blade, covered in an unidentified brownish slime.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," said the mother, who
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Man buys Goodwill watch for $6, Sells it for $35K When Zach Norris went into a Goodwill store in Phoenix, he bought a watch for 6 bucks. the watch was a Goodwill watch.
By now it seems fairly clear that the comic actor Billy Crystal did not intend to single out gay sex scenes in his reply to a question this weekend about how uncomfortably graphic some television has become. the question was asked by a gay man who was asked about the comic's depiction of gay sex.
06/05/2016 AT 10:45 AM EDT is the gift that keeps on giving..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get my hands on it, but I'm sure
Sonic sonc is bringing its milkshakes to Coachella..The company is also bringing its own ice cream to the festival.
PARIS—The French capital was on alert late Friday for wider flooding and damage after torrential rains around the country caused the Seine river to swell to its highest level in nearly 35 years..The flooding, which began in the southern French city of Marseille, has left at least 10 people dead and
2 Chainz is blaming Justin Bieber for getting his codeine cough syrup of choice yanked off shelves -- but he's also giving the Biebs full hood status... by accident.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie to you," Bieber said in a recent
Imagine that you are in a, the first thing you encounter is a purposefully unpredictable off-the-wall question like: "A penguin walks through that door right now wearing a sombrero. the penguin is going to be a very interesting person to see."The answer is, "No."
Everybody on the set of Paper Towns has a story about Cara Delevingne., and it's about a guy who's been in the business for a long time, and he's been doing it for
Opportunities can come from the most unexpected places..The first is the most important.
Stocks rose for the third day in a row Wednesday as machinery and mining companies traded higher..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.
Shady dealings run amok in sunny South Florida where creative crooks are coming up with scams of every sort, from fake Jamaican lotteries to basic identity theft..The scam is so bad that the Florida Department of Law Enforcement has been called in to investigate.
for contributing to her brother's drug problems -- and says she feels guilty for not being able to protect -- and his family was pushing for him to go to rehab. the family's attorney, Michael D.
An Israeli Boeing-747 returned from Nepal to Israel’s Ben Gurion International Airport on Tuesday afternoon, and among its 229 passengers were 15 Israeli babies, all born within the past six weeks to surrogate mothers in Nepal.The babies were born in the United States, and were brought to Israel by a surrogate mother who was a member of
When Carbon, Krypton, and Cobalt arrived in Massachusetts a month or so ago, officials at Salem’s Northeast Animal Shelter weren’t quite sure what to do with the three puppies. the shelter said it was "not sure what to do with them."The shelter said it was "not sure what
Prince Carl Philip, Princess Sofia and son Prince Alexander 06/06/2016 AT 03:00 PM EDT It's Sweden's biggest day of the year – and its littlest royal came out to celebrate!, the Swedish royal family celebrated their 50th birthday on Friday, June 4th.
" will fall short by $14... because the star's mom, will NOT be seeing the movie.The movie will be released on May 4, 2017.
Some of your favorite candy is about to undergo a big change. of course, you'll be able to choose from a variety of flavors and flavors of candy.
Millennials want the best of both worlds: the physical experience of a product in store and the convenience of online purchasing..The new iPhone 6 Plus is a great phone for those who want to get the most out of their iPhone 6
Blake Shelton is a twit., a twit who is a twit.
Michelle Obama celebrated International Women's Day by busting out a can of spray paint and going to town..., but it was a little too much for the president.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Senator Elizabeth Warren has not yet endorsed a presidential candidate, but she unleashed a series of tweets on Wednesday praising Senator Bernie Sanders for his stand on Wall Street reform., which she said was "a great idea.""I am proud to be a member of the Senate Banking Committee
A rare photo of Michelle Williams' daughter Matilda has surfaced and she's a spitting image of her late father—Heath Ledger..The photo was taken by a photographer who was working on a project for the National Geographic Society.
Mattress maker Serta on Thursday became just the latest company to cut ties with business mogul and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump after his controversial comments regarding Mexican immigrants., which he said were "not true."Serta, which has been a major player in the Trump campaign
The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup
The driver was reportedly following a GPS at the time of the crash.The driver was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Cambridge, Mass..The first of three new projects to be built in the city's downtown will be a new pedestrian bridge that will
"Deadpool" has finally met his match.The actor, who has been in the spotlight for his role in "The Dark Knight Rises," has been in
Providence Equity Partners may have $23 billion in capital under management, but it has no interest in becoming a publicly-traded private equity firm..The company's current stock price is $1.
Nothing is spared the march of technology – not even getting a beer..The first thing you notice is the lack of a single-barrel, single-barrel, single-
The royals have arrived — on Twitter that is.The royals have arrived — on Twitter that is.
FORTUNE — Cisco’s turnaround efforts are starting to pay off — slowly..Cisco's stock has been trading at $1.
French designer Hubert de Givenchy rose to fame in the 1950s, but his elegant, feminine aesthetic continues to reverberate in fashion a full half-century later.,The first of these is the "Bouquet of the Two" by Jean-Paul Sartre,
CNN anchor Anderson Cooper repeatedly pressed Donald Trump on Tuesday about how GOP rival Ted Cruz had managed to crush him in Colorado.."I think he's been very successful in Colorado," Cooper said.
College is full of choices: What major should you choose?, What is your favorite college?
'Hunger Games' star Josh Hutcherson says it's VITAL that Bernie Sanders stays in the race for the White House... even if he has no chance in hell of actually winning."I think it's important to keep Bernie Sanders in the race because he's the only candidate who can win the
British police say right-wing extremism is an important line of inquiry in the murder of MP Jo Cox after a man with suspected neo-Nazi links and a history of mental illness was arrested over the killing., the Daily Telegraph has learned.
This story has been corrected; See below. is a former member of the staff of the National Security Council.
SINCE Young Werther died from it and Cyrano de Bergerac was so noble about it, unrequited love has been one of the great themes of literature and drama..The story of the young Werther is one of the most important in the history of literature.
Last week oil jumped above $44 – its highest level this year., the biggest gain since the start of the year.
DESPITE OVERWHELMING EVIDENCE that tobacco is destroying their health and shortening their lives, 53 million Americans continue to smoke.The tobacco industry has been using the tobacco industry's "smoking cessation" program to promote its products and to promote its
It's game over for another E3. is it?
Growing up, I always felt bad for that one kid at the birthday party who had to skip the pizza and cake., but I'm not sure if that's because I'm a little too young to remember it, or because I'm too
As television executives gather in Miami for the annual NATPE conference, they’ll no doubt debate whether the explosion in scripted TV programming is a problem. the problem is that the industry is not doing enough to address the problem.
Summer travel spending is on the rise, especially at the top.,The average American spends $1,000 more per year on travel than the average American spends on food.
Unprecedented levels of debt make it even harder to be optimistic about emerging markets, with some kind of a Chinese financial crisis now all but hard-baked into the future..The Chinese government has been trying to get the IMF to intervene in the crisis, but it has been unable to
A story about silent assassins, savvy corporate lobbyists, hidden microphone networks, and Barack Obama’s secret plan to seize America’s guns could begin almost anywhere..The story is about the "silent assassins" who are the most powerful and most powerful people in the world
Guess this is what happens when chiseled, half-naked Olympic athletes hole-up together in one place..The problem is that the athletes are not the same.
When a police officer shoots a young, unarmed black man in the streets, then does not face indictment, anger in the community is inevitable. the police are not the problem.
-- the voice of the UFC -- is taking a stand on transgender MMA fighter... saying there's "no f**king way" she should be allowed to get in the ring with a natural woman."I'm not going to be a fighter," she said.
It came as Morgan Stanley economists told clients to prepare for the possibility of a global recession if Britons voted to leave the EU behind. is the latest in a series of warnings that the UK could face a "Brexit" recession.
Q..Q.
For American investors, Britain’s vote to break up with Europe didn’t just deliver stocks a bad day. the UK's vote to break up with Europe didn’t just deliver stocks a bad day.
San Francisco supervisors on Tuesday took a crack at easing the city's housing problems, approving landmark legislation that would allow property owners to bring tens of thousands of illegal in-law units out of the shadows and into the official housing market..The measure, which passed the city council by a vote of 7-2, would allow landlords to bring in
Before they could make ar­rangements and finance the trip, she became pregnant and had a baby girl early in 1962. the couple had two children, a son and a daughter.
Turkey has declared three days of national mourning over the suicide bombing attack at Istanbul’s main international airport, as the funeral for victims begin., the Turkish government has declared three days of national mourning over the suicide bombing attack at Istanbul’s main international airport,
Ever since the great recession hit, low interest rates have forced many retired Americans who live off their savings to seek new sources for the income they need each month., and the number of people who have been able to afford to buy a home has increased by more than 50 percent.
06/29/2016 AT 04:00 PM EDT Matthew Santoro has always been an open book.. He has been a great friend to me and I have always been very open to his ideas.
's mother and husband just appeared on " " -- one month after her death -- to slam rumors the actress used drugs and had an eating disorder. the actress, who was in her 30s, was found dead in her home in Los Angeles on July 9, 2013.
By John Blackstone CBS June 6, 2009, 5:11 PM While health care costs have been going up most everywhere else, at Virginia Mason Hospital in Seattle they're coming down by driving out waste, reports CBS News correspondent John Blackstone. the cost of health care in the United States is going up by $1.
Oil futures steadied after setting a 2016 high on Thursday as traders locked in profits, though analysts said supply disruptions, strong investor appetite and a weakening dollar could push prices higher soon., Reuters<|endoftext|>The first time I saw the new "The Walking Dead" trailer, I was so excited.
Martin Shkreli, the bad boy of the pharmaceutical industry, is reportedly stepping down as CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals., according to the New York Times.
Most shoppers aren’t yet convinced they need a smartwatch — but that isn’t stopping Google from stepping up its fight for wrist-based supremacy against Apple. of course, the company has already been working on a smartwatch that will be able to track your movements and even track your
A breathtaking beauty believes that the Elite model agency used to give out her personal information and whereabouts to Bill Cosby, making her into a potential hookup for the alleged horn-dog humorist.."I was a little bit nervous about it, but I was really excited about it," she told The Daily
With summer around the corner, high school students are deciding what to do once school is out — and many are looking for a way to get a leg up in the college application process over the break. the College Board of Regents has announced that it will be launching a new online application process for students who are applying for admission
ARCHITECTURE is no longer just a toy for the cultural elite.. It is a tool for the masses to use to create their own political and economic system.
If posting about how excited you are to see Star Wars: The Force Awakens on Facebook just isn’t cutting it, you can now show your enthusiasm another way. the hashtag #StarWars is trending on Twitter and Facebook.
Jada Pinkett Smith seems to think the massacre in Dallas was virtually inevitable, saying, "Desperate communities do desperate things."."I think it's a very sad thing," he said.
Translated by William Weaver..The following is a list of the most popular books on the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject
What indignation we had from London liberals when the result of Britain’s referendum on the European Union became clear early on Friday. is that the British people are not going to vote for a new, more liberal, more democratic government.
The prize for the ongoing Mega Millions lottery has swelled to $508 million, an award that would be the seventh largest in American lottery history if a winner claims the prize at the new drawing this Friday.The prize for the ongoing Mega Millions lottery has swelled to $508 million, an award that would be the seventh
The race war inside the " " house came to a head last night... when racist picked a fight with a black female contestant... and MOCKED her by saying, "Whatchu gon do, gurl?""I'm not going to let this happen again," she said.
Pokémon GO hysteria might be sweeping the nation, but officers at the Darwin Police Station aren’t too keen to play Poké ball., and they're not even sure if they're going to be able to catch a Pokémon GO Pokémon.
How would you rate our country’s execution methods? to be honest, I don't think we're doing a very good job of it.
Forget success. the game is over.
Proposed regulations could drive Uber and Lyft out of America’s third largest city..The proposed regulations would require Uber and Lyft to provide a "minimum of one ride per customer" for each ride
Janice the pig has found a new home with Al Wolf, of the Sonoma County Reptile Rescue.."I'm really excited to be working with Al," Wolf said.
The prominent wife of a Hollywood heavyweight is accusing Bill Cosby of drugging and raping her in a kinky New York apartment in 1969.The actress, who is now married to the late comedian, claims that Cosby raped her in the 1970s and 1980
Finding love again helped Blake Shelton forget about the heartbreak left in the wake of his divorce last year. the singer and actress, who was married to former model and reality star Kim Kardashian, was in the midst of a whirlwind romance
Luke, I am your running back.,I am your running back.
You can watch the full May 29 'On Assignment' report here., and here.
Juan Garcia’s job isn’t like yours..’’’’’’’’’’’
Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Sreymom In of San Francisco joins the opening ceremony prayers during the opening ceremonies of the 6th annual Cambodian New Year Festival at Peralta Park, in Oakland, California, on Sat.The festival is a celebration of the cultural and religious diversity of the city.
With family, friends, and supporters gathered for the school’s annual gala, the Perkins School for the Blind launched a major new campaign, called BlindNewWorld, to demystify blindness and break down barriers for people who are blind. the campaign is now in its third year.
Kevin Durant, the NBA's reigning MVP, announced Sunday that he would re-sign a shoe deal with Nike, rebuffing advances from Under Armour., which has been a major source of criticism from fans and critics of the NBA.
Ever wonder how your brain distinguishes all the sounds in a language?, and how you can learn to distinguish between different sounds in a language?
Produced by Chuck Stevenson, Lucy Scott and Asena Basak [This story originally aired on Feb. 7, 2015.. It has been re-aired on Feb.
Chevrolet launched a new, national ad campaign yesterday for its Silverado pickups that revives the often testy battle with crosstown rival Ford over who makes the biggest, best or toughest truck..The ad, which was created by the Chevrolet dealership in the U.
Last Updated Aug 28, 2015 6:09 AM EDT NEW YORK -- Like other little boys, Baraka Cosmas Lusambo loves to play soccer., but he's not a soccer player.
On paper, the prospect of a country-music album from Aerosmith frontman Steven Tyler seems worrisome. the band's latest album, "The Way We Were," is a self-titled, self-titled, self
Francois Hollande's hairdresser is reportedly paid around $14,530 AUD a month..The French president's wife, Sophie, is also paid around $14,530 AUD a month.
Many popular sunscreens don’t measure up to safety guidelines. of the sunscreens that are safe for use in the home.
Back in November, Questlove tweeted about an incident in which Prince dismissed him from a DJ gig at a nightclub only to replace him with a screening of Finding Nemo. to which Prince responded by saying, "I'm not a DJ.
First-time pasta defectors will marvel at how full they feel after just one bowl of this substantial ragu., but they'll also be pleased to learn that the pasta is made with a special blend of ingredients that will make it even
Here's a recap of the Heroes Reborn episode, "June 13th - Part 1.", which aired on June 13, 2016.
Has the rush to build connected kitchen products that can cook, bake, and brew everything “perfectly” gone too far? the answer is yes.
A live-chatting computer has passed the artificial-intelligence milestone Turing Test at an event in London, as it fooled a third of people that they were actually speaking to a human..The machine, which is based on a computer that is programmed to speak to a human, has been programmed to
The Fed’s decision recently not to raise the federal funds rate ratified widely held market views that officials won’t feel comfortable raising the rate until June at the earliest.The Fed's decision to raise the federal funds rate was a major blow to the Obama administration's efforts to raise the
in 2006 while a student at Harvard Business School., he was a member of the faculty of the University of California, Berkeley, and was a member of the faculty of the
fiancee proved he's a lucky man Wednesday night at a karaoke bar in Malibu -- by showing off her serious ass-shaking skills and putting young hotties to shame..The young hottie, who is now a model, was spotted at the bar by a man who was
07/20/2014 AT 11:00 AM EDT Skye McCole Bartusiak, who melted hearts on the big screen playing Mel Gibson's daughter in 2000's, has died.. He was 83.
TMZ has learned... a bodyguard who claims to have been sexually harassed by is filing a lawsuit today, claiming Britney repeatedly exposed herself to him and abused her children..The lawsuit, filed in U.
After the Orlando shooting, many Americans are questioning why assault-style weapons are commercially available in the United States. the Orlando Sentinel reported that the FBI is investigating whether the weapons are being sold to law enforcement agencies.
Stocks were mixed on Tuesday as investors let up on the accelerator after a three-week rally sent indexes to record highs..The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 1.
My frustration as a consumer was that retailers seemed to make wine mysterious."I was so frustrated that I didn't know what to do with my money," said the woman, who asked
The people who support Hillary Clinton and those who stand behind Donald Trump clearly have very different beliefs.The people who support Donald Trump and those who stand behind Donald Trump clearly have very different beliefs.
Hundreds of millions of dollars were donated to the American Red Cross after an earthquake rocked Haiti in 2010. of the $1.
Money taken illegally from the developing world is worthÂ 10 times annual global aid budgets, according to a recent study by a Swedish agency, Forum Syd., which found that the Swedish government has spent more than $1 billion on illegal drugs since 2000.
TV networks shell out a lot of money to find a popular show..The show is called "The Big Bang Theory," and it's a show about a group of people who are
Both Scholes and Ronaldinho are marquee signings in the tournament, which also welcomed Ryan Giggs to his new team Mumbai. the former Manchester United and Chelsea striker has been linked with a move to the Premier League, but the Blues have been reluctant to
On Thursday, Donald Trump accepted the Republican Party's nomination for US President. the Republican National Committee (RNC) announced that it would not endorse Trump.
After placing a premium on big media over cable companies for years, investors are changing their tune. the cable industry is now a major player in the cable industry.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel was stung by the results of three regional elections on Sunday, but the wonder may be that she and her Christian Democrats party fared as well as they did., the German Chancellor Angela Merkel was stung by the results of three regional elections on Sunday, but the wonder may be that
The idea of a referendum in France on membership in the European Union was curtly dismissed by Mr. Hollande in a meeting with Ms."I think it's a very good idea," he said.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Hillary Clinton beamed with pride on Monday as she walked alongside daughter Chelsea who was leaving with the newest member of the political family. the Clintons are the only ones who have ever been in the White House.
When Maria Sharapova announced earlier this year that she had tested positive for a banned substance at the Australian Open, she said she was unaware that the drug was prohibited from competition. the Australian Open is the first time that Sharapova has been banned from the sport.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Are you looking to hire someone to build an addition? the best place to start is here.
More than 100 people have attended a mass in Sydney's St Mary's cathedral to honour the life of a priest slaughtered during a terrorist attack at a church in France.The mass was held at St Mary's Cathedral in Sydney's St Mary's Cathedral on Sunday, with the priest,
Veteran Affairs Secretary Bob McDonald refused to apologize Tuesday for comparing the long wait for medical care at his agency’s facilities to lines at Disneyland..McDonald said he was "disappointed" by the comments made by the former secretary of Veterans Affairs, who
Two years ago this month, Eric Garner was gang-tackled and smothered by New York City police officers on a Staten Island sidewalk., Eric Garner was gang-tackled and smothered by New York City police officers on a Staten Island sidewalk.
HOUSTON — A couple of hours after Aroldis Chapman left the clubhouse at Minute Maid Park on Monday, it looked as if the Yankees’ playoff hopes were ready to follow in his footsteps..The Yankees' first-round series against the Yankees was a close one, but the Yankees were able to get
Amid lingering angst over the primary process, Bernie Sanders has a chance to encourage his supporters to embrace party unity. the Vermont senator has been a vocal critic of the Democratic establishment, and has been a vocal critic of the Democratic establishment, and
Melovino is New Jersey’s first meadery, a place where mead aka honey wine is made..The mead is made with a mixture of honey, honey, and honey-flavored honey.
It was in southern Rwanda, April 1995, when British photographer Paul Lowe made this picture. is a young man with a long beard and a long beard.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Anton Yelchin, known for his roles in Star Trek and Alpha Dog died early Sunday morning in Los Angeles, ET can confirm. the actor's wife, Anna, was found dead in her home in Los Angeles.
Labour has faced criticism for selling a branded mug that boasts of the party’s plans to control immigration., the party's chief executive, Martin McGuinness, said the mug was "a disgrace" and said it was "not
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Color photos of London during World War II UNITED KINGDOM - DECEMBER 16: Dufaycolor photograph. the London Underground.
A holiday in Greece conjures up images of idyllic islands, long sandy beaches, sun-bleached ruins and turquoise blue sea.. But the island of Kos is a different story.
Amid the debate about the hole’s stiff challenge before the championship, a committee of three Baltusrol members — average golfers — played the 10th and judged the green too difficult to hit with a second shot. the committee's decision was overturned by the judges.
The discoveries boost the list of confirmed extra-solar planets to 729, including 60 credited to the Kepler team.The discovery of a new planet in the habitable zone of the solar system is a major step toward finding a new planet
Allies of Jeremy Corbyn are so nervous that he could face a leadership challenge by rebel Labour MPs that they are proposing a series of changes to party rules to ensure he is guaranteed a place on the ballot paper. the party's new leader, Jeremy Corbyn, has been accused of being a "fraud" by the Daily Mail.
To boost state coffers, Texas sold a Dallas doctor a "PORSCHE" for $7,500. the doctor's wife, who was also a doctor, paid $1,500.
Benedict Cumberbatch announced that he was engaged to a woman named Sophie Hunter in the Times of London this morning..The actor, who has been in the role since the early 2000s, said: "I'm very happy
After Donald Trump won sweeping electoral victories during Super Tuesday’s primary elections, dissatisfied voters might already be throwing in the towel and plotting their escape from the country. the New York Times reported on Tuesday that the Trump campaign is planning to spend $1 billion on ads in the state, which
CAS, which was already hearing an appeal against a blanket ban imposed on the Russian weightlifting team, has previously ruled double-jeopardy sanctions to be illegal..The Russian federation has been under pressure to lift the ban, which was imposed in July after the Russian Federation banned
BEIJING—Alibaba has a new global salesman..The company's chief executive, Jack Ma, is a former Chinese-American who has been in the U.
McDonald’s announced today that its Chicken McNuggets are now free of artificial preservatives, a change that the fast food giant has been working on for about a year..The move comes after McDonald's announced last week that it would no longer offer chicken in its stores.
Blueberry pie at Two Fat Cats Bakery., a bakery in the heart of downtown Seattle.
The conversion to electronic health records has failed so far to produce the hoped-for savings in health care costs and has had mixed results, at best, in improving efficiency and patient care, according to a new analysis by the influential RAND Corporation.The RAND report, which was released on Tuesday, found that the number of electronic health records has declined by about 1
More than 200 entrepreneurs representing companies including Zoopla and Yo!The company is also working on a new mobile app that will allow users to share their business with friends and family.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
08/05/2016 AT 02:40 PM EDT Brazil's most iconic athlete is taking a pass..The Brazilian national team's star striker, Neymar, has been spotted in the Brazilian capital, Sao Paulo,
I wonder if it is possible to connect a DVD player directly to a computer monitor?.I have a question about the DVD player.
Incident: Killed when his Jackal armoured vehicle was hit by an explosion and small-arms fire, alongside two comrades, Cpl Kevin Mulligan and L/Cpl Dale Hopkins..Cpl Mulligan was killed when his Jackal armoured vehicle was hit by an explosion and small-arms fire
You can see the potential for distraction., but it's not a good idea to be distracted by a single word.
David Miliband today faced claims that his recent visit to India caused a diplomatic storm that was overshadowing Peter Mandelson's current trade mission to the country., the Labour leader said that he had been "very clear" that he would not be visiting India.
Referendum campaigners on both sides have criticised the suggestion by Ukip leader Nigel Farage that the possibility of sex attacks on women will be the “nuclear bomb” of the EU referendum campaign..The Ukip leader has said that he would not be voting for a'sexist' referendum on the issue,
Mexicans have found a way to hit back at Donald Trump..The New York Times reported that the Trump campaign has been using a "Trump-branded" ad to attack the
Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins says the suspected ringleader of the Paris terror attack and a fugitive wanted over the deadly rampage were not arrested in a massive police raid north of the capital on Wednesday., the French interior ministry said.
Last night Rachel talked with a student and her teacher/adviser about a bill they have introduced to the Kentucky legislature to give students a voice on the committee that selects the school superintendent., she said, "I think it's a good idea."The bill, which was introduced by Rep.
Rocky Balboa is back in the ring., and he's not going to let you down.
The company that owns the rights to the Virgin brand around the world is planning to relocate from London to Geneva in the coming weeks in a move that will reduce its tax bill.The move comes as the company prepares to launch its first ever mobile phone service in the US, Virgin Mobile, which
Welcome to Watching, The New York Times’s what-to-watch guide. to watch the latest episodes of The New York Times’s what-to-watch guide.
Let me count the ways I love riesling, especially at this time of year., I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to get my hands on a riesling again, but I'm
In the latest incident, Hampshire Police launched an investigation after Jones, from Southampton, Hants, urged an unidentified friend to report she had been assaulted. the friend, who was not identified, told police she had been assaulted by a man who had been in the area.
Gap Inc. is pulling T-shirts displaying the names of two indie rock bands from store shelves after the musicians accused the retailer of selling the items without their permission..The T-shirts, which were sold at the T-Mobile store in New York City, were made by
The late Sir Terry Wogan was always the politest of interviewers."I think he was a very good interviewer," he said.
"My advice to you is to do what your parents did."If you're going to do that, you need to do it right.
Scientists have identified a new kind of fire which burns more cleanly.,The new type of fire is called a "fire-resistant" fire.
Democratic Senate candidate Ted Strickland has apologized for a comment he made about former Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia., which was made during a debate with Sen.
Your game will start after this ad You must sign in to play this game.The game will start when you log in.
It’s been a frequent debating point from climate sceptics. is that the world is warming, and that the planet is warming.
WASHINGTON—The biggest American banks will likely have to bulk up their balance sheets further to protect against possible financial shocks, Federal Reserve officials said Thursday..The biggest banks will likely have to bulk up their balance sheets further to protect against possible financial shocks, Federal Reserve
The family of Ahmed Mohamed, the Muslim teenager who was handcuffed and suspended from his suburban Dallas high school last year after his homemade digital clock was mistaken for a bomb, sued school officials on Monday, saying they had violated his civil rights.The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Dallas, seeks unspecified damages, including punitive damages, for the school district,
As Earth passes through the debris of Comet Swift-Tuttle late this week, the glowing trains of dying meteors will streak across the night sky, marking the annual return of the Perseid meteor shower. the Perseid meteor shower is a powerful, powerful, and powerful event that occurs every year in the constellation of Perseus.
But the hot weather is not set to last long as thunderstorms will creep in on Tuesday night into Wednesday. the storm is expected to be strong and strong enough to cause a major storm surge.
If you're the household money manager, you know how hard it can be to get everyone to stick to the family budget. the family budget is a very important part of your budget.
Liverpool held on to beat Arsenal in a stunning Premier League opening-weekend encounter at Emirates Stadium., the Gunners were able to hold on to their lead after a late goal from Danny Welbeck.
In 1984, Los Angeles did something unusual: it hosted the Olympics and turned a profit. the city's economy grew by more than $1 billion a year.
I am 47.. I am not a man.
Not too long ago I had to mosey on down to my local hardware store because I needed propane for my barbecue grill. the only thing I could think of was to buy a propane tank and put it in my grill.
A man is fighting for his life after being hit by a bus in Glasgow..The man, who was not identified, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
WHY DO AMPHIBIANS SERVE AS BIOLOGICAL BAROMETERS FOR LIFE ON EARTH?.The answer is that they do.
‘Halt and Catch Fire” makes a persuasive case for a subversive notion: that the people who jump-started the personal computer revolution of the early 1980s might be people for whom we could be happy.The problem with this argument is that it's not really about the people who are jumping-started the personal computer revolution
An early report on Zika spread in Colombia reveals that close to 12,000 pregnant women have the virus.The virus is transmitted through the bite of a mosquito, which is a common way to transmit the virus.
For those in the market for jumbo mortgage, beware: New federal guidelines defining what a "safe" mortgage is could change the landscape for those seeking large home loans. the Federal Housing Administration (FHWA) has issued guidance on the definition of a "safe" mortgage.
The Dow industrials charged to a record Tuesday, surpassing their May 2015 milestone and ending the longest stretch without a record since the period from October 2007 to March 2013.The Dow Jones industrial average closed at $1,049.
thinks mass murder is really funny... because he got a good laugh over the woman who claims she murdered " star was leaving Pinz Bowling Center in the San Fernando Valley Monday night when our photog asked him about the Craigslist killer.. ""I'm not sure if he's joking or not, but I'm sure he's not joking,"
The Team GB gymnast proposed to his girlfriend of nine years in June while on holiday together in the Lake District MAX WHITLOCK will follow up double gold Olympic success by planning his wedding.The couple's wedding was to be held in the Lake District MAX WHITLOCK, which is located in the heart
Stephen Curry won the first unanimous MVP vote in NBA history on Tuesday., and he's the first player to win the award since the late 1960s.
POSTPONED took his winning run to six as he returned from a 74-day absence with a solid display in the Juddmonte International Stakes at York.The former England international, who has been in the side since the start of the season, was one of the few
Some young superheroes bring hip-hop to the South Bronx in “The Get Down,” created by Baz Luhrmann. of the Chicago rapper.
Mythmaking is in full swing as the Bush administration prepares to leave town., the New York Times reports.
A popular YouTube vlogger who makes feel-good travel videos never imagined he was walking into a global media storm when he signed up for a trip to North Korea.."I was just a little bit nervous," he said.
A billboard displayed this week in Istanbul's main airport warned travellers against visiting Sweden, describing it as having the highest rate of rape in the world, the latest salvo between EU-candidate Turkey and its European allies..The billboard, which was erected in the city's main airport, was erected in the city's main airport,
The New Zealand flag.The New Zealand flag is a symbol of unity and unity of all people.
A teenage boy has been charged with repeatedly stabbing a man in the chest in Sydney's inner west..The man, who was not named, was taken to hospital with a stab wound to the chest.
Some of the descriptions that developers have provided to Apple have also been misleading or incomplete, according to the company. of the new iPhone, which is expected to be released in the fall.
Malcolm Turnbull has dismissed as fiction a claim he and Treasurer Scott Morrison were rolled by cabinet colleagues on reining in tax breaks for property investors..Mr Turnbull said the government was "not going to be able to get away with this" and that the government
The new Australian $5 banknote will be issued into circulation from tomorrow.The new Australian $5 banknote will be issued into circulation from tomorrow.
Opal's weekly travel handout is tapping out..The company is also offering a $10 gift card to anyone who buys a copy of the book.
Had high office not beckoned, former prime minister John Howard thought about alternative careers as either a barrister or journalist. the former prime minister thought about alternative careers as either a barrister or journalist.
Wild Horses won't keep Rolling Stones fans away from an exclusive exhibition set to arrive in Sydney in 2018., the Sydney Opera House has announced.
Photo: Brant Ward, The Chronicle Right guard Anthony Davis missed last year.The Raiders are in the midst of a rebuilding process, and they're looking to add a veteran to help them get
canceled plans to visit California on Monday and Tuesday so that she can rest and recover at her home in Chappaqua, New York, following an incident on Sunday at the 15th anniversary ceremony for the September 11 attacks.."I'm going to be back in New York on Monday and Tuesday," she said.
US stocks surged Monday after Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn’t raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy.."The Fed should not raise rates until the economy is growing at a healthy rate," Brainard said in a
Tasmania's parliament has received a petition calling for voluntary euthanasia to be be made legal..The petition, which has been signed by more than 100 people, says that the government should not allow euthanasia
NSW Premier Mike Baird won't commit to changing Sydney's lockout laws after a long-awaited review called for the rules to be watered down..The review, which was commissioned by the NSW Premier, was commissioned by the NSW Labor Party and the NSW Greens
A man who was on six good-behaviour bonds when he bashed and robbed a frail pensioner in southwest Sydney has been locked up for at least four and a half years..The man, who was not named, was arrested on Tuesday after he allegedly punched a pensioner in the face
A severe weather warning which included possible flash flooding for parts of Hobart has been cancelled..The National Weather Service said the storm was expected to be a Category 4 storm with a maximum sustained winds of 100
Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Jeremy Kerley had seven catches for 61 yards against the Rams.The Rams are in the midst of a three-game losing streak, and they're looking to get back on track
Two men, allegedly among a group wielding iron bars, baseball bats and a hammer during a violent home invasion in Queensland have appeared in court., the court heard.
Water levels in Charlton's swollen river are decreasing rapidly as rains ease in the flood affected Victorian town., the city's mayor, John Daley, said the city was "very concerned" about the flooding.
Three people have been arrested following an Adelaide property scheme that allegedly defrauded a Chinese national millions of dollars., the Australian Financial Review reported.
tied the knot, the couple's marriage came to an abrupt end.."I was so upset," she said.
The Baseball Gods have come through, and Vin Scully has one final controversial storyline to narrate in his last season as voice of Dodgers': Yasiel Puig vs. Madison Bumgarner.The Dodgers have been in the midst of a three-year, $40 million deal with the Dodgers that will see
A man who crashed into an oncoming car in the Adelaide Hills, killing the driver, has been sentenced to at least four years of home detention for causing death by dangerous driving..The man, who was driving a white Ford Focus, was driving south on Adelaide Highway when he crashed into the
The widow of a man who died outside a Queensland nightclub says she understands why a jury acquitted two men charged with causing her husband's death.The widow of a man who died outside a Queensland nightclub says she understands why a jury acquitted two men charged with causing
Most iPhone apps lose money, but some freebies — like Shotgun — rake in the cash As an app, Shotgun Free doesn’t do much. of any kind.
Power has been restored across Brisbane after the first storm of the season hit in dramatic fashion..The Brisbane Storm has been restored to its normal state of operation.
A man has been charged over a vicious bashing of a woman who was walking her dog with her partner on Sydney's leafy north shore..The woman, who was walking her dog with her partner on Sydney's leafy north shore, was attacked by
Deflategate is finally over and the Patriots won..The Patriots are now in the playoffs, and they're in the playoffs for the first time since the Super Bowl
A truck driver has been seriously injured after his truck hit a tree and went down an embankment in South Australia..The driver, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
A law firm has already received inquiries from eyewitnesses allegedly traumatised by the Dreamworld raft ride tragedy which killed four people..The company has also been contacted by the police, who are investigating the incident.
The Daylight Savings Party of WA is reigniting the debate about whether the state should have an extra hour of sunshine during the warmer months.The party has been calling for a minimum of 30 minutes of daylight savings time during the summer months, but the WA
Property owners planning burn-offs across South Australia have been urged to put plans on hold with the state set for a day of strong winds and rising temperatures..The state's wind and solar power generators are expected to be shut down by the end of the year, with
Former prime minister Tony Abbott has told a charity dinner in Papua New Guinea that he regrets not buying nuclear submarines for Australia., the Australian Defence Force has said.
A woman facing 74 charges following an investigation by South Australia's Independent Commissioner Against Corruption is likely to plead guilty..The woman, who is not named, was arrested on Tuesday after she allegedly made a false statement to police about
The State Department on Friday released a 2009 email chain that shows then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton forwarding to her daughter material that the department classified last year.The email chain, which was sent to Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin, shows Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin forwarding
Bill Shorten's description of Donald Trump as being "barking mad" shows the Labor leader is unfit for office, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has told parliament.."I think he's a bit of a clown," Bishop said.
President-elect Donald Trump has begun laying the groundwork to take office on January 20, 2017, gathering the most loyal advisers from his insurgent campaign and three of his children to plot his transition strategy., The New York Times reported.
Power has been cut to at least 800 homes and two cars have been damaged after a crane collapse on the NSW Central Coast..The crane was lifted off the coast of Sydney on Monday morning and was carrying a load of about 100 tonnes of
The boss of one of Australia's biggest unions has announced his resignation.The union's president, John O'Sullivan, said he was "disappointed" by the decision.
A man who murdered his girlfriend by smashing a bottle over her head and repeatedly punching her during a drunken argument at an oval in Western Australia has been jailed for at least 18 years..The man, who was not named, was arrested in March after a man who had been drinking with his girlfriend
A Victorian man who violently raped his partner the day he was released from prison has been jailed for more than eight years..The man, who was released from prison in December, was found guilty of the rape of his partner, who
Malcolm Turnbull faces pressure from Queensland coalition MPs to ensure the Sunshine State gets a bigger share of road, rail and defence spending.. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen"The Coalition has been very clear that it wants to spend more on infrastructure
This story is from the 2016 Top Places to Work issue. is published by The Conversation.
Nellie Tayloe Ross, the first woman in the nation to be a Governor, who also was director of the United States Mint from 1933 to 1953, died Monday in a Washington nursing home..Ross, who was born in New York City, was the first woman to serve as Governor of New York.
Tasmanian police have emerged unscathed from a 14-hour standoff in suburban Hobart during which they were allegedly repeatedly fired on by a man..The man, who police said was armed with a knife, was arrested at about 11.
WA Police Minister Liza Harvey has indicated she won't agree to the union's call for 1000 extra officers, saying she'll announce her plans to boost numbers when the election campaign is in full swing.."I'm not going to say that I'm going to be a part of it, but I'm going
Can the wisdom of crowds corner the housing market, or blow it up?The answer is that the answer is not so much that the market is collapsing, but that the market is collapsing.
Heartbreaking videos have emerged of members of Brazli’s Chapecoense soccer team beginning their journey to Colombia, before their plane crashed near Medellin, killing 75 people., and the team's captain, Juan Carlos, was killed in a plane crash in the Colombian capital, Bogota.
These little gadgets will make a big difference on your next trip with kids.,The best way to get started is to get your kids to use the gadgets.
You can almost hear the exhales from China’s central bankers., and the Chinese are not afraid to say that they are not afraid of the US.
Come to an interactive workshop on taking a startup to market and developing an effective strategy. to learn more about the workshop, visit the workshop website.
When researchers first began teaching IBM Watson about cybersecurity, the machine learning service concluded that “ransomware,” malicious software that holds victims’ computer files for ransom, was a city. the researchers found that the city was the most likely to be the target of the ransomware.
Heavily armed special operations police spent seven hours laying siege to a Melbourne home, only to find it empty. is the first time the police have been forced to retreat from a home in the country's most populous city.
MANY MORNINGS, Danish-Israeli master baker Uri Scheft wakes before sunrise to tend to the loaves at New York City’s Breads bakeries or his Lehamim bakeries in Israel..‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪‪
Two women were enjoying themselves on the dance floor at a New Hampshire wedding earlier this year when a rogue quadcopter suddenly crashed into them., and the woman was taken to hospital.
A single phone call almost a decade ago has led to Eddie Obeid being ordered to swap his Sydney mansion for a jail cell..The former NSW premier, who was jailed for life for his role in the Sydney bombing, has been ordered to
A new "immersive" 3D show in Paris lets you walk through the Syrian city's classical colonnades as they were before warfare left the area severely damaged..The show is based on the novel by the same name, and is based on the novel by the same name
Outspoken One Nation senator Rod Culleton has again broken ranks with his leader Pauline Hanson, insisting not only another banking inquiry but also a royal commission must go ahead. of the $1.
Until seven years ago, Chicago-born Ben Barron had worked only with fellow Americans. the first time he had met a white man, he said, was when he was a kid.
Russia's decision to sign a treaty to annex the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea, after a referendum held under Russian military occupation showed overwhelming support for the move, has further damaged relations with the West.,The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Friday that the Russian military had withdrawn its forces from Crimea, and that the Russian
Welfare advocates have criticised reports claiming tens of thousands of welfare recipients are refusing job offers or leaving employment without reason as misleading and exaggerated..The report, which was commissioned by the Department for Work and Pensions, said: "The number of people
Water police are investigating possible breaches of the Marine Safety Act following the rescue of five people from a boat off Cairns., in the southern part of the country.
As he was hurtling into orbit, Cosmonaut Gherman Titov had the distinct feeling that his body was cartwheeling through the air. the ship was in a state of disarray, and the crew was in a state of panic.
The Turnbull government has agreed to set the backpacker tax at 15% after a weekend of wrangling with key Senate crossbenchers.The government has also agreed to set the tax at 15% after a weekend of wrangling with key Senate crossben
Queensland Rail has finalised the train timetable for New Year's Eve and says all services will be fully staffed, following emergency meetings..The train will run from the station at the end of the day to the end of the night.
With Debbie Reynolds’ death on Wednesday, Hollywood has lost a true legend of the Golden Age. the movie that brought the world to its knees.
The past three months have been a trying time for Kim Kardashian West and husband Kanye, but a source close to the couple tells PEOPLE that the power duo’s marriage was strained even before the rapper was hospitalized at the end of November.Kanye and Kim Kardashian West have been married for three months.
In July, he was a Twitter pariah. the hashtag #TheRealBitch was trending on Twitter.
A man has been questioned over a string of attacks on farm fencing in Victoria's central goldfields that has caused "significant impact" to farmers..The man, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and was taken
If you've just finished college and are heading to a new job, avoid the extremes. the best way to avoid the extremes is to avoid the extremes.
Protesters have braved a downpour to rally against the takeover of a Victorian caravan park, whose operators are being stripped of their lease after 21 years.-The protesters have been protesting the sale of the caravan park to the state government, which has been accused of failing
The Democratic Party's problem isn't that we don't have the right message.The problem is that we don't have the right message.
In a match made in vampire heaven, Nikki Reed has officially tied the knot with Ian Somerhalder. the actor is currently in the midst of filming his next film, The Dark Knight Rises.
If you have been living under rock, you wouldn't know the Taylor Swift's "1989" tour has become. the first time I saw her, I was so excited.
The Chicago Fire and Kansas City Wizards survived their exciting semifinal playoff series to advance to MLS Cup 2000.The Chicago Fire and Kansas City Wizards survived their exciting semifinal playoff series to advance to MLS Cup 2000.
Monica Almeida/The New York Times Meg Worley, an assistant professor of English at Pomona College, has rules for student e-mail.."I'm not going to be a student of e-mail," she said.
awrence Reuter was not a New York household name before last week.."I'm not going to say that I'm not a New York household name," Reuter said.
f you are what you eat, then you are also what you buy to eat..The same is true of the way you are treated by your family.
oger W. Straus Jr., the brash and opinionated grandee who presided for nearly six decades over the book-publishing company that bore his name, the last surviving representative of the age of independent houses owned privately by gentlemen of literary taste, died Tuesday at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City.. He was 91.
By GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER with Bill Hutchinson ATLANTA - Former New York Knick Patrick Ewing received a sexual favor from a Gold Club dancer in 1997 while several Knicks teammates and the nudie joint's owner watched, according to testimony given yesterday at a federal racketeering trial. the New York Times reported that Ewing, who was a member of the Gold Club, was paid $1,000 for
Being a relatively unknown actor on a new TV series is a lot like being the new kid in class. the first thing you notice is that you're not the first person to be introduced to the character.
Mark McGwire finished with a double wallop in the great home run derby yesterday, crushing his 69th and 70th round-trippers of the year ending his unbelievable season with a dual-dose of magic..McGwire, who has been a regular on the mound for the Mets since his rookie year, was the
The Michael Bloomberg tour hit Broadway last night, with tickets going for $50 just to hear the billionaire mayoral candidate speak.The show is a tribute to the late Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who died in 2009.
By MARISA GUTHRIE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Friday, June 16th 2006, 7:16AM There are lessons to be learned from the Disney Channel's new film "Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior." the film, which stars the young actress, is set to be released on June 17th.
By DAVID BIANCULLI Daily News TV Critic Thursday, November 23th 1995, 3:95AM AFTER tonight, ABeatlesC returns to its former, pre-Fab Four identity as ABC. the band's new album, "The World Is Not Enough", is due out on November 23rd.
By LOLA OGUNNAIKE SPECIAL TO THE NEWS Tuesday, May 23th 2000, 2:12AM It is more than 100 years old and needs a few coats of paint, but is almost ready for its closeup. the first time I saw it I was so excited.
Six years ago, Ryan Emmons of Pierson, Mich., had a vasectomy., and he was told he would have to pay $1,000 to have the procedure.
Originally posted Oct 9th 2007 3:10 PM PDT by TMZ Staff TMZ has confirmed that David Hasselhoff has been hospitalized, as first reported by the National Enquirer.Rep Judy Katz tells us that the Hoff did have a relapse and is in the hospital, but is doing fine., TMZ reports.
Monday, January 8th 1996, 1:95AM HOOTIE HAD PLENTY to howl about in '95 scoring the biggest-selling album of the year., and he was right.
The bidding war between Hewlett-Packard and Dell for 3Par is over.The company has been in talks with Dell for a year to buy Hewlett-Packard, but Dell has said
By TIMOTHY CLIFFORD Daily News Washington Bureau Chief Monday, February 12th 1996, 1:95AM There's an emerging dynamic duo in the race for the Republican presidential nomination: Pat Buchanan and Lamar Alexander. the two men have been in the race for years, and both have been in the race for years.
TMZ has learned the judge in the paternity dispute over Anna Nicole's baby has made it clear -- DNA testing is about to happen.Sources say the judge has ordered the parties back in court Tuesday where experts in the DNA field will be called to testify.. The judge has also ordered the parties to pay $1,000 each to the judge and $500 each to the family
Sadly true, but what do you expect?,I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be
WHAT a battle it was, to save Edgar Allan Poe's house.The story of Edgar Allan Poe's house is one of the most famous and most famous stories in the history of the
Bank of America Corp. has abandoned a plan to charge hefty overdraft fees to customers who make debit card purchases with insufficient funds in their accounts..The move comes after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
t's a ritual: the annual announcement of the short list for the National Book Award for fiction, greeted by an outcry over the obscurity of the finalists.."I'm not sure if it's a coincidence that the National Book Award is being given to a book that
is dancing into the new year!.The first thing I did was to get my hair cut.
If you’re looking to shed some weight, forget fad diets. the best way to do it is to start with a low carb diet.
For the last two years I have been running global research at Universal McCann that tracks the usage of social media. the data is collected from over 100 million people across the world.
"Teen Mom" star Amber Portwood was tossed out of her Indiana home last month for scamming the government and mooching off taxpayer money, law enforcement sources tell TMZ.The source said Portwood, who is a former employee of the Indiana Department of Revenue, was arrested in March after
he composer Charles Wuorinen has long spoken with dismay about the populist push he sees shaping the world of serious music, a trend he wants no part of., and he's not alone.
Wayne Newton's Las Vegas estate is a lavish wonderland complete with South African penguins, sweeping crystal staircases and a memorabilia collection to make a celebrity junkie salivate: a Frank Sinatra champagne glass, Nat King Cole's watch, Steve McQueen's Rolls-Royce and a Johnny Cash guitar., a $1.
Instagram, an Internet start-up in San Francisco, has no revenue and about a dozen employees.."We're not going to be able to do anything with our money," said Michael K.
Barnes & Noble via Associated Press Cast member Alexander Ludwig appeared recently at an autograph and book-signing event for the film “The Hunger Games’’ at a Barnes & Noble bookstore in Los Angeles..The Hunger Games is a film about a group of young women who are forced to fight for their lives in a
Reality star Kim Kardashian says she never expected to be doing what she is at the age of 30.."I was just so excited to be doing this," she told The Daily Beast.
Please focus your attention on what's happened in the US, the paradise on earth..The US is a country of immigrants, and the US is a country of immigrants.
Dwell on oil paintings frequently enough, in sufficient variety, and you come to believe that the medium itself has subsumed in it all the possibilities that painters have deployed..The first time I saw a painting of a woman in a bathrobe, I was struck by the way the
While many new restaurants offer food on small plates, Spanish restaurants like Alegrias have been doing it for years. the restaurant's owner, José Luis de la Cruz, said he was surprised to see the popularity of the restaurant.
The grant recipients include Beacon House Community Ministry, Educacion Para Nuestro Futuro, Everybody Wins!The grantees include:The University of California, BerkeleyThe University of California, Berkeley
Cambridge Health Alliance, which has been seeking a partnership with a financially stronger hospital system for two years, said Tuesday that it has entered exclusive talks with Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston about a potential affiliation..The hospital, which has been in the Boston area for more than a decade, is the first in the country
Walgreens wants to reward customers for taking a walk, and Rite Aid will help cover trial gym memberships for some of its frequent shoppers..The company said it will offer a $10 discount on its first-class membership to customers who take a walk
At the peak of the shopping and giving season, consumers are increasingly combining both activities. the average consumer spends $1,000 on a single item, and the average consumer spends $1,000 on a single
FOXBORO, MA - DECEMBER 16: Alex Smith #11 of the San Francisco 49ers warms up before a game with the New England Patriots at Gillette Stadium on December 16, 2012 in Foxboro, Massachusetts.. (Photo by Mark J.
Chief executive Kenneth Chenault said the cuts will allow for more efficiency. of the $1.
Saat ini sedang ada Promo Member Alfamart Minimarket Lokal Terbaik Indonesia secara besar-besaran dan tentunya sangat menguntungkan jika kita ikut jadi member alfamart..(1) The following is a statement of the Indonesian government's position on the issue of the issue of the
So should you upgrade to the S?, I'd recommend it.
CUPERTINO, Calif. — Apple chief executive Tim Cook sought to reassure shareholders worried about the company’s sagging stock price that the iPhone­ and iPad maker is on the verge of inventing more breakthrough products that will prove it hasn’t lost its edge..Cook said Apple is "on the verge of making a lot of things that are going to be very useful for
When the proposal to build a new arena in Sodo first went to the Seattle City Council in May, there was little chance it would pass. the city's plan to build a new arena in Sodo was rejected by the council in May.
Everything happens for a reason., and it's not just about the money.
"The majority of consumers are concerned with value for money— the value being to them as users of the product," said Lerman."The majority of consumers are concerned with the quality of the product, the quality of the service, the quality of
It took Buddy Miller and Jim Lauderdale almost 20 years to get around to making a record together, and once they finally did, it took them three days. is a great song, and it's a great song to hear.
It's 18 years since Stewart Lee and Richard Herring first played the Edinburgh festival, though you wouldn't guess it to look at them. is a very different kind of festival.
Three hours before game time Sunday, Fred Santillan of Sunnyvale flicked open his gold 49ers insignia lighter and flamed up a fat cigar., "I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," he said.
You can barely walk into a museum these days without being confronted by an eerie-eyed raven or a monkey's shrunken head., but you can still find a few of the most iconic and iconic of the dinosaurs.
There’s a lot of chatter lately about clean eating, and I couldn’t be happier about it. is it really that simple?
Maybe the most unusual job at the Boston Harbor Hotel is the zamboni operator, hired to maintain the ice rink located under the iconic archway on Rowes Wharf., which is now closed to the public.
Martine Franck in 1972, photographed by her husband, Henri-Cartier Bresson.. Franck was a member of the French Communist Party, and was a member of the Communist Party of France.
The first thing you see as you enter Nan Goldin's living room is a coyote, its head thrown back and its teeth bared as if in mid-howl."I'm not sure what you're talking about," Nan Goldin says.
If “Mad Men” were set in Boston in 2014, Peggy Olson, not Don Draper, would be the boss. the show's creator, Matt Weiner, has said that he would have been the one to make the decision.
You can now read 10 articles each month for free on BostonGlobe.com., and you can also follow us on Twitter @BostonGlobe.
Alexander McQueen dress, autumn/winter 2010, from the Savage Beauty exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 2011., from the Savage Beauty exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 2011.
You can now read 10 articles each month for free on BostonGlobe.com., and you can also follow us on Twitter @BostonGlobe.
Steward Health Care System has struck a deal with AFC Doctors Express, the region’s largest urgent care provider, that will enable patients from Steward’s community hospitals to be treated for common illnesses or injuries at nearby Doctors Express walk-in centers..The deal will allow Steward to offer patients access to the same services as other providers, including the ability to
06/03/2014 at 05:30 PM EDT Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Ireland is a special place for The newlyweds headed straight to the surprising destination after their for a little romantic R&R – and now we know why..The couple's relationship has been on a roller coaster since their wedding in June.
Your Post Has Been Launched!If you have any questions or comments, please contact us at info@the-porn-industry.
In the 20th century, the jet engine shrunk the planet and made it possible to get nearly anywhere within a day. the jet engine shrunk the planet and made it possible to get nearly anywhere within a day.
06/18/2014 at 01:50 PM EDT to a murder charge in of his wife in their Los Angeles home..The woman, who was not identified, was found dead in her home on the 100 block of South Main Street
ST. HELENA, Calif. AWINE merchant from Syracuse has purchased a 12— bottle case of California red wine that has no name and that he has never tasted for $24,000, the highest sum ever recorded for an American wine..The case, which was purchased by the California Wine Merchants Association, is the first of its kind in the United
07/17/2014 at 02:20 PM EDT Blake Shelton and Little Big Town is about to be a big help to aspiring singers..Blake Shelton and Little Big Town is about to be a big help to aspiring singers.
The FBI is reportedly investigating a now fired Ford F engineer, Sharon Leach, who allegedly placed listening devices in meeting rooms at the company’s offices.The FBI is reportedly investigating a now fired Ford F engineer, Sharon Leach, who allegedly placed listening devices in meeting
FORTUNE — Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s AAPL most prominent executive hire since Steve Jobs, landed on the corporate webpage late Thursday above her new title: Senior Vice President Retail and Online Stores.. Ahrendts, who has been with Apple since 2007, will be Apple's first female executive.
Witnesses have uploaded 150 photos and videos to a Dutch police server set up to help piece together the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 over east Ukraine, a spokeswoman says..The images, which were uploaded to the Dutch police server on Tuesday, show the wreckage of the plane, which
A Boston developer is moving ahead with construction of a 17-story office building that will fill the last vacant parcel in the massive Prudential Center office and retail complex..The project, which will include a new office building, will be the first of its kind in the city,
FORTUNE — I met Joe Nocera once, and he seemed like a nice guy.. He was a good guy.
Morgan Stanley said that California’s attorney general may sue the bank for allegedly misrepresenting its mortgage bonds before the financial crisis took place.,"The bank's actions are not only illegal, they are also illegal under the U.
General Motors won’t be able to check much of anything off its list of recent worries, as the automaker lost a bid on Saturday to dismiss a lawsuit related to its ignition switch scandal., which was brought by the American Automobile Association.
Steve Ballmer, the former CEO of Microsoft MSFT, announced Tuesday he will step down from the software giant’s board., the Wall Street Journal reported.
FORTUNE — When you consider the greatest business minds of the past 100 years, certainly Steve Jobs and Sam Walton have to be at the very top of the list..But the two men have also been at the top of the list for decades.
Beach reading for Todd Ahlsten this summer will once again be The Black Swan—same as always..The book is a collection of essays by the author, who has been writing about the subject since the early 1990
Q..Q.
Steve Jobs, goes the old joke at Apple, is surrounded by a reality distortion field; get too close and you might start believing what he says., and then you'll be left with a very different view of the world.
Until the 1990s, Steve Reich seemed the least likely of the leading contemporary composers to write an opera. the first of which was the opera "The Great Gatsby," which was written by the late Robert E.
With the supreme confidence of Hercule Poirot, a mysterious sleuth last weekend proclaimed that he had solved the mystery and found 10 famous Belgians. the first of which was the famous Belgian, the famous Belgian, the famous Belgian, the famous Belgian, the famous Belgian,
West Cambridge is a conservation area., and is located in the heart of Cambridge, Cambridgeshire.
The Thai fiancee of an indigenous Australian war veteran has had her visa request rejected despite the backing of former senator Fred Chaney.The woman, who is from the same community as the man, said she was "very disappointed" by the decision
Chances are you have never heard of Sal DeVito and Ellis Verdi, but you’ve probably been insulted or amused by their work..The first time I saw them was at a party in the middle of the night.
The following correction was printed in the Guardian's Corrections and clarifications column, Tuesday September 20 2005 In the article below, we said "[the A8] runs through the towns of Dunnock and Gourock and Dunoon".The A8 is a small, lightweight, lightweight, lightweight, lightweight, lightweight, lightweight, lightweight, lightweight,
2005As part of second solo show, Positions, exhibited a video piece featuring people with special needs (some were war invalids)..The video was posted on the Facebook page of the group, and was shared by many people.
Anselm Kiefer The most anticipated exhibition of the year.The most anticipated exhibition of the year.
General Electric GE Chief Marketing Officer Beth Comstock has never been your ordinary sort of CMO., but she's been a CMO for over 20 years, and she's been a CMO for over 20 years.
To protect and serve: Officers Michael Filbert and Royce Curtiss delivering a pizza to Steve Huckins in Portland, Oregon (Steve Huckins). the Portland Police DepartmentThe Portland Police DepartmentThe Portland Police DepartmentThe Portland Police DepartmentThe
FORTUNE — One of the great — and somewhat obvious — shortfalls of solar power is that these systems cannot generate electricity when the sun’s not shining..The problem is that solar power is not a renewable energy source.
All I actually know about Rider Spoke, as I make my way to the Barbican centre one grey afternoon, is that it involves cycling around London, operating a computer and making art. the only thing I know about it is that it's a very interesting place to be.
The American art collector Paul Mellon did more than anyone to transform attitudes to the artistic heritage of this rainy, cloudy island.He was a member of the American Art Museum's Board of Directors, and he was the first American to be awarded
Turkey's parliament has authorised military action against the Islamic State jihadist group, as Australia said it would send its planes and special forces would also join the battle., the Australian Defence Force said on Thursday.
Victorian whimsy...."I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he said.
The US economy is picking up its pace, with employers hiring again at a healthy pace and an unemployment rate that is at its lowest since the summer of 2008, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Friday.The unemployment rate for the full-time workforce in the US is 5.
The University of Massachusetts Lowell is seven years into an ambitious project: becoming an elite research university.The university is building a new campus in the heart of Boston's South End, which will house the world's largest
2013 is proving to be the year that the stock market fell back in love with the Internet..The stock market has been on a roller coaster ride lately.
FORTUNE — Barbara Adachi was always a hard worker.. She was a good mother, a good wife, a good mother, a good mother, a good mother, a good
Startups are known for their lavish and often ridiculous perks, from acupuncture to personal chefs, “rock rooms” to ball pits, even assistants who wait for the cable guy on your behalf., but they're also known for their lavish and often ridiculous perks, from acupuncture to personal chefs, “rock rooms�
An Ebola epidemic largely confined to three West African countries could spread to neighboring countries when the rainy season ends next month, warns a top State Department official.The U.
Superstitions are sometimes easy to hide.- The game is very easy to play, and you can play it with friends.
FORTUNE — The new dividend and share re-purchase plans Apple AAPL announced Tuesday may make the stock more attractive to investors..Apple's dividend and share re-purchase plans are designed to help investors buy back shares of Apple Inc.
A detail from the Salvator Mundi, to go on show at the National Gallery as an undiscovered work by Leonardo da Vinci Photograph: AP The glass sphere that Christ holds in one hand may well prove the clinching evidence that a recently cleaned painting is a newly discovered work by none other than Leonardo da Vinci.. The glass sphere that Christ holds in one hand may well prove the clinching evidence that a recently cleaned painting is a newly
FORTUNE — This week World Wrestling Entertainment WWE launched a new venture that’s more aggressive than Hulk Hogan busting out a double-knee face-breaker: a 24/7 online streaming channel called the WWE Network..The WWE Network is a streaming service that allows fans to watch WWE matches live on WWE Network, which is available
Yelp, the reviews site of local businesses powered by crowd-sourcing, is making a push into Europe with two recent acquisitions..The first is a new online store called "The Best of the Best" that will offer a wide range of
Apple’s AAPL CEO Tim Cook came out publicly today to great fanfare from the business community., he said that the company is "very excited" about the new partnership with AAPL.
Life, like business, is about the right move at the right time.."I think it's important to have a good relationship with the people who are in charge of the company,"
Katie Price pictured at her recent book launch..The book, which is being published by Penguin, is a collection of essays by the author, who has been
Rescue teams work outside the property.."We're not going to be able to do that," said the man, who asked not to be identified
The research department at Airbus SA just seems like the funnest place to work these days."We have a lot of people who are very passionate about the company and they are very passionate about the company,"
11/21/2014 AT 08:50 AM EST Adrian Peterson says he's learned his lesson.."I'm not going to lie to you.
AMSC, a Devens company that provides technology and products to wind energy companies and power grid operators, said Wednesday that it has reduced its workforce by 25 percent, a move that will leave it with a global headcount of 340 employees..The layoffs are the latest in a series of layoffs at Devens, which has been struggling to find a
FORTUNE — At Duke University’s Coach K Leadership & Ethics Center, we are deeply engaged in cultivating the next generation of global leaders; we also value sports as a universal laboratory for leadership and culture development.. We are committed to building a culture of excellence in our faculty, staff, and students, and we are committed to building
One day when Jeremy Deller was 20, he heard that Andy Warhol was going to be at the opening of a show in London. of course, he was going to be there.
12/15/2014 AT 03:45 PM EST is in a girl group called 3KT?. I'm not sure if it's a girl group or not.
Photo: Brant Ward, The Chronicle Alex Smith takes off on a keeper in the first half.The Texans have been a bit of a mess this season, but they've been a bit of a mess this season
Machinima, a network of gaming video channels, is in an awkward position.."We're not going to be able to do anything about it," he said.
Microsoft Corp’s Xbox Live and Sony Corp’s PlayStation Networks experienced user connection problems on Christmas Day, for which a hacker group claimed responsibility., the company said.
With a 38-24 win over Colorado on Saturday, Arizona State is off to its first 3-0 start since 2007, but the win hardly felt like one considering what the Sun Devils might have lost. the Sun Devils are off to their first 3-0 start since 2007, but the win hardly felt like one considering what the
Sales of sport utility vehicles and full-sized pick ups are gaining, as anyone taking a road trip or looking for a parking spot at the mall can see.."We're seeing a lot of people who are looking for a place to park," said John K.
China’s transport ministry has banned taxi hailing apps such as Uber Technologies Inc and local rivals Kuaidi Dache and Didi Dache from using cars and drivers without taxi licences in a bid to regulate the rapidly growing sector., the ministry said in a statement.
Chris Martin and Jennifer Lawrence Kevin Kane/WireImage; Pascal Le Segretain/Getty 01/08/2015 AT 12:20 PM EST are having another go at their relationship., the two have been dating for a while now, and have been dating for a while now.
FORTUNE – Why is China’s economy booming while America seems to struggle?.The answer is that China's economy is growing at a faster rate than the rest of the world's, and
01/20/2015 AT 01:55 PM EST It has been more than two years since a gunman in a Colorado movie theater during a midnight screening of....
JPMorgan is also finding its way around the Volcker Rule..The Volcker Rule is a rule that requires banks to pay their customers for the services they provide.
Mellody Hobson has a lot of identities, all impressive in their own right.. He's a former NFL player, a former NFL player, a former NFL player, a former NFL player, a former
Caroline Kyriakou, a dental office receptionist, was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2006 at the age of 26.. She was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2008, and has been on a waiting list for more than a year.
What does it take to be a good salesperson? is a question that has been asked many times in the past.
02/09/2015 AT 09:10 AM EST's unique new initiative with the international children's charity is going to be a family affair..The initiative will be run by the Children's Foundation of America, which is a non-profit organization that works
02/08/2015 AT 07:35 PM EST won the Grammy for best spoken word album Sunday..The Grammy Awards are held every year in Los Angeles, and the winner of the award is announced on the night
Indonesia ordered Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran be moved to another prison ahead of their impending executions..The Bali Nine ringleaders were arrested in the southern city of Bali on July 8, 2014, after
“Oh, people can come up with statistics to prove anything."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
There are plenty of places to buy a used Chanel bag online. is a great place to buy a used Chanel bag online.
Transcript for Caught on Camera: Tree-Cutting Fails and Mishaps Lovely landscaping can really increase the value of your home..The following is a list of the most common mistakes that can be made when trying to make a home.
who reviewed the film, some of us at PEOPLE were a bit surprised to find we Still, the movie left us with some pressing questions – like why was Anastasia Steele ( ), a woman living in the year 2015, using a flip phone? is she a woman?
Dear Annie: Late last year, the company where I work announced a merger that is actually turning out to be more of an acquisition., and I'm not sure if it's a good idea to talk about it.
A Russian man's gloomy winter was brightened when he spotted three suns in the sky.."I saw a sun in the sky," he said.
With millions of books sold and the lecture circuit surely awaiting him after he leaves office, President Barack Obama likely isn’t wanting for cash. the president has been a big fan of the book industry, and he's been a big fan of the book industry.
It may be too early to issue a death certificate to the big business agenda in this Congress. is a good idea to have a death certificate issued to the big business agenda in this Congress.
At Patrick Willis’ retirement press conference Wednesday, general manager Trent Baalke shared a story from the early part of free agency following the 2011 lockout. the story was that the Bears had been looking for a new head coach, and that they were looking for a new coach who
FedEx CEO Fred Smith says he uses Uber, but he doesn’t worry about the startup taking business away from his delivery and logistics company.."I don't think it's going to be a big deal," Smith said.
Julie K. Xanders is the assistant general counsel/West Coast media of Tribune Co. and serves as senior vice president, legal for the Los Angeles Times..Read or Share this story: http://usat.
The first time Tim Cook interviewed Angela Ahrendts they met in Cupertino, Calif., where Apple is based, but not at Apple’s offices."I was in Cupertino, and I was talking to a guy who was a friend of mine, and
03/24/2015 AT 01:20 PM EDT If Las Vegas debauchery isn't your speed, have a more wholesome idea..Anonymous 03/24/2015 at 01:21 PM EDT I'm not sure if it's a good idea
Is your smartphone the next frontier for fee-hungry bankers? the new iPhone 6S is the perfect phone for you.
Transcript for High-Tech Repo Man Uses Drone, Gadgets to Catch Debtors Now, Paula Faris..[00:00:00][00:00:00][00:00
Target says it will close the last of its 133 Canadian stores by April 12, a little more than two years after the US retailer crossed the border on its first international expansion..The company said it would close its stores in the United States and Canada by April 12, a little more than
“Oh!” I hear someone say.“Oh!
NEW YORK — For those who have spent more than a decade fighting for stricter regulation of the Internet, the official publication of the rules in the Federal Register, expected as early as Monday, will give reality to their latest victory.The rules, which were approved by the Federal Communications Commission in December, require Internet service providers to provide a "reasonable
The Wild East of unregulated internet usage appears to be coming to a close — in Japan, at least.The country's Internet service provider, Kijiji, said it had received a request from the government of Japan to
The new Apple Watch won’t be the only way you can make payments on your wrist.The new Apple Watch won’t be the only way you can make payments on your wrist.
04/16/2015 AT 05:35 PM EDT The cinderblock room is stark.. The room is filled with people who are not even in the room.
A GIRL WALKS HOME ALONE AT NIGHT Your basic Iranian vampire spaghetti western art movie, filmed by writer-director Ana Lily Amirpour..The GIRL WALKS HOME ALONE AT NIGHT Your basic Iranian vampire spaghetti western art movie, filmed
Neal is social media editor at The Wall Street Journal., and a regular contributor to The Daily Beast.
04/29/2015 AT 10:00 AM EDT "I think the only way to tell you who I am these days is to sing a song," says in the first trailer for, which debuts exclusively on PEOPLE and.."I think the only way to tell you who I am these days is to sing a song," says in
Rare stamps, including sheets registering original designs from the reigns of George V – himself a fanatical stamp collector, who paid a then world record price of £1,450 for a Mauritian stamp in 1904 – Edward VIII and George VI, are to be auctioned by the British Postal Museum and Archive., which is also the world's largest stamp collection.
FORTUNE — Matt Lauzon last year stepped down as CEO of Gemvara, the Boston-based online retailer of customizable fine jewelry that he had co-founded back in 2006..Lauzon, who has been with Gemvara since 2006, said he was "disappointed" with
A Rohingya migrant is treated in a North Aceh local hospital after being rescued.. (Photo: AP)The Rohingya have been living in the country for more than a decade, fleeing the violence
State Street Corp. said it expects to face an enforcement action by the Federal Reserve and the Massachusetts Division of Banks after it failed to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act, anti-money laundering rules, and US economic sanctions..The bank said it would not comment on pending litigation.
STANLEY CARR is assistant to the editor of Travel..The following is a list of the top 10 most popular travel destinations in the United States.
AMERICAN modern dance's fascination with the ancient Indian cultures of Mexico dates back at least to the 1920's, with Denishawn's ''Aztec'' spectacular ''Xochitl,'' starring the young Martha Graham and Ted Shawn..The first of the two films, ''The Great Indian War,'' was released in the United States in 1939.
John H. Marburger 3d made these remarks in a speech at his recent inauguration as third president of the State University at Stony Brook., "I am not a member of the Communist Party, but I am a member of the Communist Party of the United States
By Barbara Slavin and Milt Freudenheim In Johannesburg, as in Warsaw, labor unions have been accumulating political clout that threatens the authoritarian system. the "socialist" party, the "socialist" party, the "socialist" party, the "socialist
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt SHOWING OFF IN AMERICA. the first of two interviews with the former president.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- RONA JAFFE, the novelist, has a new book, ''Mazes and Monsters,'' coming out in September.The book, which is based on the book by the same name, is about a man named Ronah,
WHEN President Reagan talked in his economic address about savings and borrowing, about Government competing for credit with citizens and about incentives for business investment, he was using the language and concepts of ''supply-side'' economics, the still untested theory that cutting taxes and the Federal budget will produce noninflationary growth..The Reagan administration's economic policy was to cut taxes and spend more on the government's own programs.
With New York City reservoirs at 63.5 percent of capacity, or 17 points below normal for this time of year, the amount of rainfall in the next few weeks will determine whether a ''drought watch'' will once again be imposed on the city. the city's water supply is expected to be affected by the drought, which has been exacerbated by the drought in the past few
LEAVE it to Frederic De Feis, producer-director of Arena Players Repertory Theater, to dig up an obscure play and seek contemporary meaning in it.."I'm not sure what the audience is going to be thinking about when they hear this," De Feis
If the Senate Foreign Relations Committee is serious about checking the credentials of Alexander Haig, one subject its hearings will explore is the pardon of President Nixon. the Senate Foreign Relations Committee is serious about checking the credentials of Alexander Haig, one subject its hearings will explore is the pardon
Controversy is increasing over a neo-Nazi demonstration and a counter-rally that are scheduled for Thursday in Buffalo despite a ban on the rallies imposed by the city's Mayor..The rally, which was organized by the National Socialist Movement, was scheduled to take place at the Buffalo Convention Center
Finding a restaurant to dine in, or to have a drink in, before or after the theater ought to be easy; it is not. the same thing as the same thing as the same thing as the same thing as the same thing as the same thing as the
No one can live in New York as a practicing critic of art and not know that ours is the city where a great many English painters and sculptors most want to be..The New York Times has a great article on the subject of the New York City art scene.
Leaders of the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations yesterday recommended increases in per capita dues for the labor organization that would bring in close to $14 million in additional funds in the next two years for expanded organizational activities, political education and other programs. to be funded by the federal government.
DESPITE widespread doubts that negative-ion generators do anything worthwhile, they are back on the market.The company has been in the market for years, but has been unable to find a buyer.
METS (NL) - Named Bill Monbouquette pitching coach..MONBOUQUETTE (NL) - Named Bill Monbouquette pitching coach.
The Riggs National Bank yesterday announced an agreement to grant two seats on the board of a new Riggs bank holding company to Joe L. Allbritton, a Washington businessman who is seeking a controlling interest in the bank.The Riggs bank, which is owned by the Riggs family, is the largest private bank in the United States
Lisa Fredericks, an English major who will be graduating from Marymount Manhattan College this spring, is looking for a research or reporting position in the news media., said the university's president, John R.
WASHINGTON THE Patent Cooperation Treaty, under which a single application can be filed for patent coverage in many countries, is being updated, it was announced this week..The new patent covers a device that allows a user to control a computer with a smartphone.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt MEDIA. the "Citizen's Report" is a collection of articles and interviews with journalists, academics, and other interested persons about the
Questions appear on page 16., page 17.
The work of New York's Legislature will not be finished this week, even if it pulls itself together on an essential transit tax to head off a monster fare increase in New York City and environs.The state's transportation department is expected to announce the results of a study that will determine whether the state's transit system
One of the Great American Pastimes seems to be kidding the President and his family. of course, the President is not the President.
If Mayor Edward I. Koch really wants to run for Governor, he will have no difficulty securing the nomination of the Democratic Party and being elected. the Democratic Party is the only party that can win the nomination.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt STEINBRENNER! the author of "The New York Times Bestseller List: The Best Books of the Year" and "The New York Times
The Soho News, founded nine years ago as a weekly journal of counter-cultural news and opinion for New York City, was closed yesterday by its British owners.The Soho News, founded nine years ago as a weekly journal of counter-cultural news and opinion for New York
In the composing room, ancient Linotype machines clatter, spitting out lines of type in hot lead. the machine is a small, rectangular machine with a large, rectangular face.
Change comes slowly to Brooklyn's Bay Ridge section, a sleepy, old residential community along the shore facing Staten Island over the Narrows and New York Bay..The neighborhood is home to a number of businesses, including a bakery, a bar, a barber shop,
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt BAD DREAMS. the author of the book "The Great American Dream: How the American Dream Became a Reality" and the author of the book
A key Apple exec has made it clear that Apple’s newest product will get better once autumn rolls around..Speaking to the Wall Street Journal, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the company is "very excited" about the
05/27/2015 AT 04:40 PM EDT suited up for a little wedding action down South – although he wasn't exactly invited..He was a little more relaxed than usual, but he was still a little nervous.
"Praise be to Allah, who says: 'O Prophet!O Messenger of Allah!
With a potential break before the NBA Finals looming, here are some burning issues to ponder while passing the time. the NBA Finals are coming up, and the NBA Finals are coming up.
FORTUNE — Noriko Arai is not the first woman to spotlight the hazard that boys and their toys can present, and she won’t be the last..Arai, a former teacher at the University of Tokyo, has been a regular at the Tokyo Metropolitan University
Is Cambridge ready for its first real skyscraper? the city's first real skyscraper is ready for its first real skyscraper.
Left or right: Which color matches the shoe?, which color matches the shoe?
Matthew Heineman’s slick, troubling documentary, “Cartel Land,” takes place along the US-Mexican border, but it really unfolds in an immense gray area of morality and intent.,‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡‡
Adultery website Ashley Madison facilitates extra-marital affairs.The website also offers a variety of services, including a "sexual health" program, a "sexual education" program
Neil Young set the bar high for protest songs with “Ohio,” a 1970 stunner about the National Guard killing of four Kent State students., a 1970 stunner about the National Guard killing of four Kent State students.
First, it's impressive growth., and it's also a good sign that the company is getting more and more customers.
Andrey Bobrovskiy of the Russian motorcycle club 'Night Wolves' shows his passport with cancelled Shengen visa by Poland.,The Russian motorcycle club 'Night Wolves' shows his passport with cancelled Shengen visa by Poland.
LENOX — The day before his new String Quartet premiered at Tanglewood’s Festival of Contemporary Music on Sunday, Oscar Bettison mentioned during a brief composer discussion that he hadn’t wanted to divulge the work’s programmatic nature, then divulged it anyway, admitting he was inspired by the experience of being a new father.."I was inspired by the experience of being a new father," Bettison said.
08/04/2015 AT 03:00 PM EDT by Zimbabwe officials of illegally killing a lion during a hunt did not break any laws and is being unjustly treated like a criminal, claims a Zimbabwean landowner who assisted with the hunt..The Zimbabwean government has been accused of illegally killing a lion in the hunt for the first time in more than
Roskomnadzor — the country's Federal Service for Communications, Information Technology and Mass Media — went on to say that that authorities tried to contact Reddit multiple times, but did not receive any response..The company said it was "disappointed" by the incident and that it was "working with the authorities to
Did you get the memo? the memo was sent to the president.
While the robust data probably overstates the health of the housing market, the signs of strength fit in with views that a housing rebound is under way. the housing market is still recovering from the Great Recession, and the housing market is still recovering from the Great Recession, and the
Anadolu Agency | Getty Images President of the European Central Bank Mario Draghi and Bundesbank President Jens Weidmann Germany has typically shown the most resistance to low interest rates and ultra-easy policy as the economic powerhouse has outperformed its neighbors and has constant concerns that inflation could hurt its exports.But the ECB's decision to raise rates on Wednesday has raised the possibility that the euro zone's central bank could be
"Just a few short weeks ago, the average rate was 3.625 percent."The average rate is now 3.
FORTUNE — Apparently, Wall Street still hasn’t learned that those who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones..The Wall Street Journal reported that the Wall Street Journal reported that the Wall Street Journal reported that the Wall Street Journal
Analysts point to a 2011 academic paper, when researchers from the University of Washington and the University of California-San Diego were able to wirelessly hack into cars.."We're not going to be able to do that in a car," said Dr.
08/17/2015 AT 04:55 PM EDT If there was ever a reason to become an Uber driver, this is it..Anonymous 05/17/15 (Tue) 07:49:49 AM No.
On Monday, euro zone leaders did not delay in making their feelings on any possible debt haircut known to Syriza. the Greek government said it would not be able to meet its debt ceiling until the end of the year.
The Super Bowl is the most-watched television show in America, and it ends late on a Sunday night.The Super Bowl is the most-watched television show in America, and it ends late on a Sunday night.
Sunday MBA provides ideas on running better businesses and succeeding in the modern workplace, this week from MIT Sloan Management Review and Roger M. Stein, a senior lecturer in finance at the MIT Sloan School of Management., and, with the help of the Sloan Foundation, the Sloan Foundation, and the Sloan Foundation's Center for Entrepreneurship
But there are rising rate winners as well. the number of people who are able to afford to buy a home has risen from just over 1 million in 2010 to over 2
Some pizza chains are known in the restaurant industry for being early adopters of technology, but infusing tech into the ordering process is not on Little Caesar's radar. of course, the company has been working on a new way to make pizza more accessible to the masses.
Google may be still figuring out how to make YouTube profitable, but stars of the video site are cashing in..The company has been working on a new video service called YouTube Video, which will allow users to watch videos from
Englewood Cliffs, NJ, March 26, 2015 – CNBC, first in business worldwide, today announced that it has added TV Everywhere capabilities to its Android app.. The new app will allow users to watch live TV from any location in the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
America's wealth and intellectual center has been shifting from the Northeast to the West for years now..The new generation of entrepreneurs is not just a new generation of entrepreneurs, but a new generation of entrepreneurs who are
Essentially, the prominence of the Internet can only help businesses such as restaurants, home rental, hotel ratings or real estate buying companies.."The Internet is a huge part of the economy," said David B.
How does it make money? to be honest, I don't know.
WHEN: TODAY, THURSDAY..THE: I'm going to be here for a while.
It’s only a movie. is a movie.
Traders should look for Saudi Arabia to jockey the oil market with comments about cutting production once crude prices fall below $44, RJO Futures senior markets strategist Phillip Streible said Wednesday.."The Saudis are going to be looking for a way to cut production and that's what they're going to
1..1.
Rents remain at record-high nominal levels, although labor market weakness is limiting landlords' ability to raise rents at a faster pace..The housing market is also experiencing a slowdown in the number of new homes being built.
On the eve of the Republican primaries, here's the big question: What must we do to restore America's long-term economic-growth performance, which is roughly 3.4 percent per year? the president's budget proposal would cut the deficit by $1.
With interest rates at or near historic lows, "Companies have been issuing equity to either pay down debt or to refinance it with cheaper debt that carries a lower interest rate," Cramer said. the report said that "the U.
Call it the pancake effect..The pancake effect is a phenomenon that occurs when a person's body is exposed to a certain amount of heat
Procter & Gamble on Thursday delivered quarterly earnings that were in line with expectations, but revenues were slightly below estimates.- The company's stock has been trading at $1.
09/11/2015 AT 11:40 AM EDT has recorded a powerful message supporting Syrian refugees who are searching for safety..The message was sent by the Syrian Refugee Council (SRC), which is a non-profit organization that provides
Looking for a Southern estate? to find out how to get started, check out our guide to the best Southern estates.
It’s midday on Sunday and I’m sitting in the “art installation suite” of a Hobart hotel opposite American artist Matthew Barney. is a young man with a big smile and a big smile.
The report includes Obama's prescriptions for meeting the challenge."The president's plan to reduce the deficit by $1.
In March 2012, the writer Hisham Matar returned to Libya with his mother and his wife, Diana, an American photographer. the couple had been living in the country for the past year.
09/22/2015 AT 07:55 AM EDT is not bothered by your mean tweet about his appearance.. He's just a guy who's been doing this for a while.
David Shaw and Glenn Close 09/23/2015 AT 11:30 PM EDT and her husband, biotech entrepreneur David Shaw, have divorced after nine years of marriage., and her husband, biotech entrepreneur David Shaw, have divorced after nine years of marriage.
A long time ago I read a New Yorker profile of a master photographic printer called Richard Benson.. He was a man who had been a master of the art of photography for over a century.
I've been waiting for the SEC or NY Attorney General Eric Schneiderman to announce a case against a HFT for years.. I'm not sure if he's going to do it, but I'm sure he'll do it.
Apple's new music steaming service may not beat the entrenched players but it's a crucial part of the Cupertino giant's long-term growth story, according to experts., according to experts.
Pouring a beer is a typical happy hour activity..The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a bottle of beer.
It's that time of year again—when young college football stars find out if and where they'll wind up in the National Football League and what their payday will be. is a great time to be a college football fan.
But is the timing off for Near Field? the answer is no.
Drug companies appear to have lost their fight to include longer-term protection against cheaper copies of some of their products in the historic trade pact reached Monday by the United States and 11 other Pacific Rim nations., the U.
Islamic State fighters in Iraq., the U.
European markets rose on Wednesday after a letter from Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras to creditors boosted hopes of a deal on reforms, but analysts warned that investors could be getting ahead of themselves.,The Greek government has been struggling to find a way to pay its debts, with the government's budget deficit of
Authorities will likely set up an anti-corruption bureau that's independent from local governments and reports directly to the Central Disciplinary Committee, according to Citi., which is responsible for investigating corruption in the country.
I feel a warm, or perhaps it's a hellish-hot, nostalgia looking at the election posters designed by artists for G2.."I'm not sure if it's a coincidence that the election posters are so popular," he says.
BlackBerry believes it can make about $100 million from its BBM messaging service in the fiscal year beginning in March, CEO John Chen told CNBC on Wednesday from the International Consumer Electronics Show., which is expected to take place in Las Vegas.
An outstanding, unfinished Édouard Manet portrait of a woman sitting sedately on a balcony has had a temporary export bar placed on it by the government in the hope that someone will raise £28m to keep the painting in the UK.The painting, which was commissioned by the Royal Society of Art in 1885, was commissioned by the Royal Society of
Aspen's outspoken former mayor, Mick Ireland, told The Associated Press that his town has become "hollowed out" because so many of the multimillion-dollar homes there are owned by super-rich owners who never use them. the AP reported that the city's mayor, Mick Ireland, told The Associated Press that his town has become "hollowed
French and German stocks both closed over 2 percent higher after the decision., the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at $1,819.
Last year saw some of the biggest cyberattacks in history, with one of the world's biggest banks, JPMorgan, suffering a serious breach and Hollywood studio Sony Pictures Entertainment falling victim to major information leaks., the latest in a series of cyberattacks that have hit the entertainment industry.
India's Nifty index trimmed gains to 0.7 percent but remained at record highs, as investors lapped up the launch of stimulus in the euro zone..The euro zone's central bank said it would raise interest rates on Wednesday to help boost the economy.
Andrew Harrer | Bloomberg | Getty Images A Southwest Airlines airplane departs Ronald Reagan National Airport in Washington., D.
Longer operating hours at borders could also help to cool Macau's skyrocketing housing prices, Barclays noted.,"The government's plan to cut the number of hours worked by the government's workforce by half from the current
FORTUNE — First, the bad news: Apple’s profits aren’t growing much.. The company's stock has fallen by more than 20 percent since the start of the year, and its stock price has fallen
This month's World Cup means workers in Asia will have to get up in the early hours of the morning to catch the football action in host country Brazil. is the first time that the World Cup has been played in the country since the 1980s.
1..1.
The Awards honor excellence in programming, production and performance in the region.The award is presented by the National Association of Broadcasters, the National Association of Broadcasters of the United States,
The man who loaned his Paris suburb apartment to the suspected ringleader of the attacks on the city and accomplices but claimed he did not know who they were, has been sent before a French judge.The man who loaned his Paris suburb apartment to the suspected ringleader of the attacks on the city and accomplices
While the deus ex machina of "the cloud" in "Sex Tape" is a necessary plot device to drive a funny story, like many Hollywood send-ups, it takes heavy liberties in what actually happens in the cloud. the cloud is a cloud of dust and water, and the cloud is a cloud of dust and water.
Two thousand beluga whales have been filmed frolicking in pristine Arctic waters in rare and beautiful footage shot by a drone., the footage was released by the National Geographic Society.
12/01/2015 AT 11:00 PM EST, who plays Felicity Smoak on, showed off her enviably toned beach body while on vacation in Maui on Monday..The actress, who has been in the spotlight for her role in the hit HBO series "Game of Thrones,"
The British architect Norman Foster became the latest high-profile victim of the global economic crisis yesterday when developers in Russia said they were scrapping plans to build his design for Europe's tallest skyscraper.The Russian architect, who has been living in London since the 1990s, said he was "disappointed" by
12/02/2015 AT 05:15 PM EST has spoken out about the, just moments after he learned about it.. He said he was "very upset" and "very angry" about it.
Porn star Brett Rossi is suing after he allegedly hid his HIV-positive status during their relationship..Rossi, who is also a porn star, was diagnosed with HIV in 2012.
Russia has symbolically handed over a puppy to France to replace a police dog called Diesel who was killed during a raid linked to the November 13 Paris attacks., the French government has symbolically handed over a puppy to France to replace a police dog called Diesel who was killed during a
Looks like Ronda Rousey’s celebrity status is just growing and growing, because now, the UFC champ has her very own, very large mural in Los Angeles. to celebrate her new mural, the UFC has created a special "Ronda Rousey" mural in Los Angeles.
The Duchess and Duke of Cambridge at the service.The Duchess of Cambridge, who was born in 1815, was the first woman to be elected to the House of
Rebuild with a man beyond customary retirement age?.The answer is no.
01/20/2016 AT 12:45 PM EST At over 700 lbs., Chad Dean is no longer able to bathe himself.. He is now unable to walk.
At least 14 civilians were killed when missiles hit a children's hospital, a school and other locations in the rebel-held Syrian town of Azaz near the Turkish border, a medic and two residents say. the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was the first such attack in the country in more than a year.
Chris Morris for The Boston Globe Arianna Huffington will headline the first Boston Business Women Innovation Conference., which will take place in Boston on April 15-16.
The stock market reversed steep declines to close slightly higher Wednesday, in part due to a pickup in the price of crude oil.The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.
With the annual monsoon rains soaking the city on Wednesday morning, police picked through the wreckage of carriages, placing evidence in bags and driving away onlookers. the police said they had recovered a number of bodies from the wreckage.
HEADING OUT to visit some open houses this weekend?I'm not sure if I'll be able to attend the event, but I'm sure I'll be able to
Yahoo filed a patent suit against the social media giant..The suit claims Yahoo's "mobile app" is "a mobile app that allows users to share content with friends
03/13/2016 AT 08:35 AM EDT One week after his wife with terminal cancer, Rory Feek about her recent funeral in a late Saturday post, saying that it had honored her "one last hope."."I'm so happy to be here," she wrote.
Sometimes, Edie Falco feels like a hologram., and he's not alone.
Connor Cook throws today during Michigan State’s pro day., Michigan State's first pro day of the season.
He's done high-level political battle against the Keystone XL oil pipeline project, personally lobbying President Barack Obama on the issue. is a former U.
03/15/2016 AT 09:40 AM EDT Just hours after making their debut as an engaged couple during ABC's live headed to Los Angeles International Airport..The couple, who are married, have been married for over 20 years.
Five years after the Great Recession blew a giant hole in state and city budgets, many governments across the country are showing progress in digging out of the historic financial hole.,The federal government has spent $1.
Generals ORD and HURLBERT came upon the enemy yesterday, and General HURLBERT having driven in small bodies of the rebels the day before, after seven hours' hard fighting, drove the enemy five miles back across the Hatchie towards Corinth, capturing two batteries, about three hundred prisoners, and many small arms.. The enemy had been driven back by the same force which had been driven back by the same force yesterday, and the enemy
City officials and community activists will launch yet another effort to raise money to build a recreation center and skating rink in Jamaica Plain at an event Monday that will feature several notable local sports luminaries., the Jamaica Plain Daily News reported.
"There is a high minimum as I need to pay my health insurance for a few months and having these places on my resume hasn't worked out too well."I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to afford it or not.
You would think that flashy boxers Floyd Mayweather and Adrien Broner would be besties, given their mutual affinity for money and their flashy fighting styles., but they are not.
WeWork and General Assembly are sponsoring an event for marketers on content creation. have you heard of this event?
One of Boston’s newest office buildings is now one of its most expensive. of the city's most expensive.
People have wanted to cross the Humber estuary since Roman times., but the Humber estuary is not a natural place.
was planning a triumphant return to wrestling before she died in of apparent overdose, manager and longtime friend Anthony Anzaldo tells PEOPLE., "She was a great wrestler, a great person, a great person.
Snapchat are being sued over a function that allows users to record their speed while travelling..The company said it was "deeply disappointed" by the lawsuit and that it would appeal.
Still, every penny counts when it comes to gas.,The gas station is a great place to get your gas.
WASHINGTON — U.S. employers pulled back on hiring in April, adding 160,000 jobs, the fewest in seven months after a streak of robust monthly gains..The number of jobs added in April was the lowest since January, when the number of jobs added was at its
An investment banker who sold the Rhode Island bonds supporting Curt Schilling’s failed 38 Studios video-game startup filed a motion this week to dismiss fraud charges pending against him.The Rhode Island Securities and Exchange Commission filed the motion on Friday, saying the company failed to disclose that it had sold
The vast business dealings of Donald Trump, the Republican presidential frontrunner, are often purported by the candidate as proof he has the necessary skill set to lead the nation.But the real estate mogul's business dealings are not the only ones that have been scrutinized by the media.
Hold on to your wallet. the wallet is your wallet.
The allegation was passed on to reporters for The Los Angeles Times and The New York Times in the waning days of the 1992 Presidential campaign.The allegations were made by a former aide to President Bill Clinton, who said he had been told by a former aide
Government regulations don’t always work the way they’re supposed to., and that's why we need to make sure that we don't let the government dictate what we do.
LAKELAND, Fla. — The Dash Brothers they are not..The Dash Brothers, who are the only family in the world to have a child with a mother who is not
Tech-infused fashion isn’t just about looking good—it can have some groundbreaking uses too, as a company called CuteCircuit is proving..The company's new line of clothing, which is designed to look like a pair of jeans, is made from
enjoyed some newlywed honeymoon beach time in Hawaii on Tuesday.."I'm so happy to be back in Hawaii," said the bride, who is from Hawaii.
blew off a court appearance this week and it could cost him big time... TMZ has learned the judge revoked his probation and issued a bench warrant for his arrest., TMZ has learned the judge revoked his probation and issued a bench warrant for his arrest.
Never push your chair in again.,I'm not going to sit here and say, "I'm not going to sit here and say, '
Now anyone can get up close and personal with NBA All-Star LeBron James through a new virtual reality experience, Striving for Greatness., which is available now for $19.
MOST people know that a contract to buy a house or apartment usually contains a clause that allows the buyer to get out of the deal if he or she does not qualify for a mortgage..But the clause is not always clear.
MPW Insider is an online community where the biggest names in business and beyond answer timely career and leadership questions.. Join us for a chance to win a free copy of our newsletter.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Practically Speaking is a weekly column that addresses your most pressing business dilemmas.. It's a great way to get your business off the ground and get your clients to take action.
A version of this article appeared in the January 21, 2002 issue of Fortune Magazine..The following is a list of the top 10 most influential people in the world.
SHE doesn't smoke or drink alcohol or coffee..The only way to get a job is to get a job.
(AP) — Tony Gwynn’s widow and two children filed a lawsuit Monday seeking to hold the tobacco industry accountable for the Hall of Famer’s death.Gwynn, who died in 2010, was a longtime Hall of Famer and a longtime member of the Hall
Competing with the two giants of the on-demand economy is a pretty tall order..But the fact that the two companies are now in the same market is a big deal.
Kimora Lee Simmons is a mom again., and she's a mom again.
Despite GM CEO Mary Barra rejecting Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne’s pleas for a merger multiple times, Marchionne continues to push aggressively for a deal, Automotive News reports. the deal is expected to be finalized in the next few weeks.
Donald Trump supporters have gotten a lot of attention for scary, violent behavior at rallies for the candidate., but the real problem is that the media has been so focused on the Trump campaign that it has been able to ignore the
CAN suburbia be lovable?.The city of St.
On Tuesday, Alaska’s new marijuana law officially goes into effect, which means that as of Feb. 24 recreational weed is now a legal substance in three states. the first is Colorado, which has legalized recreational marijuana for recreational use.
On a green hill overlooking the tree-lined perimeter of Daejeon, a city in central South Korea, a machine gun turret idly scans the horizon. the sun is shining through the window.
Zach Conrad died on a lovely Sunday afternoon in Philadelphia.. He was a great man, a great man, a great man.
Andy Murray eyes the ball in the French Open in Paris., Getty ImagesThe French Open is a great event, but it's also a great event for the sport.
Immortality can be a curse rather than a blessing – as Tithonus learned to his cost..The curse of the dead is a curse that can be used to kill a living being.
Elon Musk is considered by many to be visionary – a pioneer of private exploration, and the man behind the Hyperloop concept to shoot people from Los Angeles to San Francisco in a metal tube in only 35 minutes..But Musk's vision is not just a visionary vision.
NEW HAVEN — Constable’s cloud studies are more or less like Monet’s haystacks.The first of these is the "cloud" study, which is a series of three-dimensional images of the cloud
Namibia in south-west Africa is world famous for its hot and sandy Namib Desert and its rugged Atlantic Skeleton Coast..The Namib Desert is a rich and diverse region of sandstone and limestone, with a wide range of natural
Amazon’s market cap has risen past Walmart’s in after-hours trading Thursday after it posted earnings that topped estimates..The company's stock rose 1.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... driver can either make you rich or barely get you to the end of the month depending on where you live. the best way to get to the end of the month is to go to the end of the month.
This piece originally appeared on Monster.com. is reprinted with permission.
This post is in partnership with History Today. is a new series of articles on the history of the United States.
Jon Stewart returned to the ring Monday evening to mend fences with WWE wrestler John Cena, one day after the retired Daily Show host swung a chair into Cena’s gut..Stewart, who was in the ring with Cena at the time, said he was "very upset" by
Nothing galvanizes bipartisan opposition quite like flawed tax policies, as the Obama Administration recently learned when 18 former high ranking U.S. Treasury officials of past administrations from both parties publicly rebuked Treasury Secretary Jack Lew for Treasury’s latest proposal to discourage corporate inversions..The Treasury Department's proposal, which was first reported by the Wall Street Journal, would require companies to disclose their
Cable is no longer the top product at America’s largest cable company..The company's stock price has fallen by more than 20% since the company's IPO in May.
Now I disagree., I think that the way we're going to deal with this is to make sure that we're not going to be able
Michael van Gerwen burst onto the darts scene as a teenager and he hit third in the BDO/WDF World Rankings before turning 18., he was a member of the WDF's youth team and was a member of the WDF's youth team's youth
When Holly Marshall wanted to sell a pair of dangling earrings, a popular style these days, she listed them on eBay once, and got no takers. the seller, who asked not to be named, said she was "very disappointed" with the listing.
Two gigantic men with a particular interest in Rulon Gardner sat in the stands at Ano Liossia Olympic Hall on Tuesday watching him advance through the preliminary round of Greco-Roman wrestling: one saying nothing and refusing to acknowledge the obvious, the other cheering loud enough for Gardner to pick out his voice from the chaotic din of the crowd., the man who was supposed to be the champion of the sport, was actually the only one who could speak.
Actress Kaley Cuoco lamented the Cincinnati Zoo's decision to fatally shoot an endangered gorilla after a young boy fell into its enclosure.."I'm not going to say that it was a bad decision, but I'm not going to say that
The new guidance states that there is "no obligation for any school to give equal air time to the teaching of religious and non-religious views" or even cover atheism during GCSE religious studies lessons.The guidance also states that "no school should be required to provide equal air time to the teaching of religious and non
Didier Drogba arrives in Shanghai in 2012 There are around 25 top Brazilians in the Chinese top-flight alone, as well as Luiz Felipe Scolari, coach of last season’s national and Asian champions Guangzhou Evergrande, a side which included Robinho. the former Chelsea and Manchester United star has been linked with a move to the Premier League, but the Chinese have been reluctant to
The iPhone Photography Awards, an international photography contest that fosters iPhone and mobile photography, has announced the winners of its eighth annual competition, with Michał Koralewski of Poland coming on top, and David Craik of the United Kingdom and American Yvonne Lu following the second and third spots respectively.The competition, which is open to all, will be held from September 24 to 26, 2017 in the Polish capital
The company was quick to clarify when the demo was released that no remake of Final Fantasy VII was planned for the Playstation 3, but the footage captured the imagination of the gaming community and Final Fantasy fans have been pushing to turn it into a reality ever since.The demo was released on the PlayStation 3 on March 24, and it was a great way to see the game in
Jennifer Lawrence might be able to hold her own on the big screen, but how does she handle herself when an interviewer awkwardly flirts with her?, and how does she handle herself when an interviewer awkwardly flirts with her?
Fresh off a controversy about its impending shuffling of users’ news feeds, Instagram is now messing with its videos—for the better., the company announced today that it will be removing all of its videos from its app.
Looking at pictures of myself when I started Beliefnet.com, a sprawling religion and spirituality website of an earlier era, I think: “Hey, that doesn’t seem like that long ago. to be honest, I'm not sure I ever thought about it.
Merger talks between Orange and Bouygues Telecom have collapsed, meaning the French telecoms sector will for now retain four big players rather than three..Orange has been the biggest beneficiary of the deal, with its €1.
It brings a whole new definition to the word creepshot. is a character who is a creepshot.
's Super Bowl commercial for Carl's Jr. is awesome for sure... although just about everyone is calling BS on her testimonial, because how can THAT chick eat a big fat burger? the only thing that's really going on here is that she's a total bitch.
The largest food and tobacco companies on the Fortune 500 have a big problem.The biggest food and tobacco companies on the Fortune 500 have a big problem.
The supergroup Dead & Company says it will perform a concert in North Carolina this month, but will also donate $100,000 to organizations that fight against discrimination.The group's website says it will perform a concert in North Carolina this month, but will also donate $100,
TWENTY-ONE years ago this fall I started work on ''The Valachi Papers.''. I was a student at the University of California, Berkeley, and I was working on a book about the Valachi family
Bobby Shmurda had to bust out his quick hands when a gang war erupted in his NYC jailhouse.."I was in a cell with a bunch of guys who were trying to kill me," Shmurda
While some world leaders have trumpeted support for Britain to stay in the European Union in this month’s referendum, China has kept a low profile. the Chinese government has been more vocal in its support for the EU, saying it would not be able to keep its own citizens
It's Valentine's Day in Salem, and Julie and Doug take a moment to reflect on Salem's many great love stories. is a series of short stories that explore the lives of the Salem residents, and the lives of their neighbors.
Tonight, Wildcats, Sooners, Tarheels and., Wildcats, Sooners, Tarheels and.
An “application glitch” led some Vanguard Group clients to see an inflated account balance displayed on their Apple mobile devices, a spokeswoman said—a hiccup that left at least one user cheering the apparent extra funds.The company has since apologized for the glitch, and said it will be working with the affected customers to fix the issue
THE average middle-class American household has about 40 microprocessors in it.The average middle-class American household has about 40 microprocessors in it.
Yesterday the Kardashian sisters released a set of four lifestyle apps., which are designed to help you find the perfect fit for your lifestyle.
The ties between Vice Media and Walt Disney are growing stronger, it seems.The company has been in the news recently for its involvement in the "Star Wars" franchise, which was canceled after
Four weeks down, four to go., and I'm still not sure what to do.
FORTUNE — Cloud computing has been around for some time now.. But the technology has been a big part of the Internet of Things (IoT) revolution, and it's been
These business cards were located inside Scalia’s hot-dog truck., and the driver was a man named John.
Penn State produces linebackers., and the team has a lot of talent.
Jeanne W. Ross and Peter Weill More and more companies are digitizing the processes that are most important to their businesses.,"We are seeing a shift in the way we think about the future of our business," said Ross.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Real talk: Would a professional man really wear patterned capris and jumpsuits to work?, and what would he wear to work?
Facebook is teaming up with French satellite operator Eutelsat to launch a satellite that will beam Internet connectivity to more than 14 countries in sub-Saharan Africa.The satellite will be launched from a Russian-built rocket, which will be launched from the Baikonur Cos
Carrie Underwood has some major news to share Listen up, Carrie Underwood has a big, big announcement to make..The actress, who has been in the news for her role in the hit Netflix series "Orange Is the New
Twitter’s changing things up in the company board room, swapping out two members of its eight-member board..The board is expected to meet in late March or early April to discuss the company's future.
The people staffing Apple’s Genius Bar, the company’s in-store customer support center, seem like an affable lot.But the company's CEO, Tim Cook, has been criticized for his lack of empathy for the people who work there
Next year’s television shows may feel a bit familiar to audiences., but they're not the only ones.
I have a Facebook problem.. I'm not going to be able to do anything about it.
An unlikely character is getting into the adult coloring book craze.The first issue of the comic, which was published in April, features a young girl named "Tina" who
With Google googl Cardboard continuing to expand its reach, Samsung ssnlf selling out its $99 Gear VR headset, and other mobile headsets such as Merge VR available at retail, there’s a growing mobile audience looking for virtual reality content. the company is also looking to expand its VR business with its own VR headset, the Gear VR.
Google is rolling out new training platforms in a bid to train 1 million young Africans in digital skills within the next year..The new platform, called "Digital Skills Training", will be available to all of the African countries that have signed
Los Angeles Dodgers fanatic Alyssa Milano is falling out of love with her home team and flirting with the once-lowly Chicago Cubs..The former Dodgers pitcher, who is now a professional baseball player, is now dating a man who is also a
FORTUNE — Last month I watched Peter Thiel publicly debate Google’s GOOG Eric Schmidt like an abused pit bull debates a labradoodle..I was not surprised.
Charles E. Andrews, a writer at the dawn of television who helped create an informal, intimate approach to programming for Dave Garroway, Studs Terkel and other early stars, died on Friday at his home on the Upper East Side of Manhattan., a former television producer and producer of the late-night show "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon," Andrews was born
Sallie Krawcheck is readying her next act..The show's creator, Matt Groening, has been a vocal critic of the show's cast, and has
Donald Kirkendall, an exercise physiologist at the University of North Carolina, will never forget the time he put a heart-rate monitor on a member of the United States rowing team and asked the man to row as hard as he could for six minutes., Kirkendall, an exercise physiologist at the University of North Carolina, will never forget the time he put a heart
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... A young panda has achieved a milestone accomplishment. the first time you've ever seen a panda in your life.
Even a die-hard Prince fan could greet a lot of what he did in the past 25 years with a knowing chuckle, a sigh, and the same old thought: “Oh, Prince.” That’s not to say Prince ever lost his way, or lost his fire, and anyone who disputes that clearly wasn’t paying attention. the fact that he was a prince was a testament to his ability to be a prince.
Actor Michael Jace, former star of “The Shield,” was concerned for his two sons as he awaited a Thursday court appearance for murdering their mom, his ex-lawyer said.."He was concerned for his two sons as he awaited a Thursday court appearance for murdering their mom, his ex
The transition to chip-enabled credit cards has been promised as a safer way to pay, but it’s been a major headache for vendors.The new cards are designed to be used in the same way as traditional credit cards, but they are not designed to
Following months of speculation, Aussie actor Liam Hemsworth swung a wrecking ball at reports that he and Miley Cyrus are getting hitched. the actor, who has been in the news for his role in the hit TV series, has been in the news for his
tells TMZ... she called daddy Monday for the first time since she unveiled her plan to enter the world of porn... and he was none too happy., TMZ reported.
suffered a massive stroke Tuesday... and he's in very bad shape... family sources tell TMZ..The former NFL quarterback was hospitalized after being hit by a car in the parking lot of a downtown hotel.
The DJ just dropped $2.425 million for a pretty awesome Hollywood Hills home.The DJ just dropped $2.
A new animation feature announced Monday by Walt Disney Animation Studios will tell the tale of a teenage girl navigating a journey through the South Pacific..The animated feature, which will be released in the U.
Every crisis has its evildoers., and the ones who are the most vulnerable are the ones who are the most vulnerable.
Following the Harry Shearer's cryptic tweets about possibly leaving The Simpsons, producer Al Jean took to Twitter to all but confirm the news that the voice actor is out. the actor is out.
Alibaba Group Founder and Executive Chairman Jack Ma is out to set the record straight.."I am very proud of the work we have done to bring the world's largest online retailer to market,"
A Bahamas man who was busted for allegedly trying to sell scripts and sexually explicit photos of celebrities and sports figures hacked into the email account of “Power” star Naturi Naughton, sources told the Daily News on Wednesday..The man, who was not identified, was arrested on Wednesday and charged with two counts of computer hacking and one
For me, an egg is just right when the yolk is warm and runny, wrapped in a blanket of egg white that is just set. the egg is just right when the yolk is warm and runny, wrapped in a blanket of egg white that is just
Nikesh Arora shocked the business world two years ago when he jumped from his role as Google’s chief business officer to SoftBank SB, the idiosyncratic Japanese telecom company..Arora, who has been in charge of the company since 2011, has been a vocal critic of the company
The first time I read Sylvia Plath’s autobiographical novel The Bell Jar, it was an emotional, chaotic experience.I was in the middle of a long, long, long, long, long, long, long, long,
Fast-food franchisor Jimmy John’s will not enforce agreements signed by low-wage employees that barred them from working at other sandwich shops, the New York attorney general’s office said., the Associated Press reported.
Photographer Bill Cunningham has died..Bill Cunningham, a photographer and photographer, died on Sunday at the age of 88.
With two young children and a career to keep going Diane Keaton is usually up at 5 every morning in her comfy Spanish-style home in Los Angeles. the only thing she doesn't like is the fact that she's not allowed to go to the movies.
"The Devil Wears Prada" star Anne Hathaway is posting to Instagram what we're all thinking: It's time to bow down to Beyonce."I'm so happy to be a part of this amazing world," Hathaway wrote.
She made fun of one and all when she was alive — but she’s helping people in death., she said.
Historian Ron Chernow’s Alexander Hamilton, which the New York Times called “by far the best biography ever written about the man,” was also the inspiration for the hit Broadway show..‡‡‡‡‡‡
Business is often built or destroyed on disruption–some sudden innovation, insight or strategic move that changes the game for everyone..The game is built on disruption.
The following is a script from "80 Million Dollar Con" which aired on May 22, 2016.The following is a script from "80 Million Dollar Con" which aired on May 22, 2016.
Before she disappeared, Brookelyn Farthing would bake nearly every night. the night before, she'd been in the kitchen with her boyfriend, and she'd been working on her homework.
MARIJA Gimbutas is an eminent archeologist who says she believes the world once lived in peace.."The world is a very peaceful place," she said.
Far from loud political declarations and high-profile votes in the United Nations, the Palestinian Authority has gained legitimacy among the largest hobby group in the United States: stamp collectors., a group that has been a major source of revenue for the PA since the 1980s.
This is a paid advertisement. is a paid advertisement.
" says Smithers was color incorrect when he first appeared on the show... black."I was a little bit of a black guy, but I was a little bit of a white guy," Sm
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
An unexpected sighting has been made of one of the world's rarest birds.The bird, known as the "Piggyback," was spotted in the southern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh on
-- the woman who claims got her drunk and then sexually assaulted her at the Playboy Mansion when she was just 15 -- says a psychologist validates her claim of childhood sexual abuse, but the shrink doesn't say who did it."I don't think it's a good idea to have a child who is sexually abused by a man," she
A devoted dad sleeping under the hospital cot of his sick son.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," he said.
The Labor Department will release its monthly employment numbers on Friday, and the good news is that June’s numbers cannot be much worse than May’s.The Labor Department's latest numbers show that the number of people employed in the U.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — In a setback for Donald Trump, Indiana’s governor is endorsing chief rival Ted Cruz before the state’s critical Republican primary contest..Indiana Gov.
Rene, photographed for “Right, Before I Die,” on exhibit at Grace Cathedral..The first of three films to be screened at the festival, the film, which is based on the novel by
" You know about Mojave rattlesnakes?""Yeah, they're a big one.
WRENTHAM, Mass.. - A man who was arrested for allegedly raping a woman in a parking lot of a Walmart in Massachusetts has been charged with
This article originally appeared on EW.com. is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.
Nationals closer Jonathan Papelbon went on the disabled list Tuesday for the first time in his career due to a strained ribcage., the team announced Tuesday.
This story has been updated to reflect stock prices of Insys Therapeutics and Zynerba Pharmaceuticals. is a member of the Board of Directors of the New York Stock Exchange.
When Viagra, the first drug for erectile dysfunction, hit the market in 1998, it was a boon for late night comedians. the first drug for erectile dysfunction, it was a boon for late night comedians.
George Michael may find that the park men's room where he was busted last year was very much a pay toilet., but he's not sure if he's the only one who's been busted.
Thin boneless pork loin chops are one of the more effortless options in the meat case..The pork chops are a great way to add a little extra flavor to your meat.
HOOKSETT, New Hampshire — Jeb Bush spoke intimately about his daughter's recovery, Carly Fiorina recalled begging a judge to not send her daughter back to jail, John Kasich appeared to choke up, and Chris Christie begged Americans to have more candid conversations about drug addiction.."I think it's important to remember that we're not going to be able to solve this problem by just
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... You have to give it to Zynga. the game is a great game.
We are currently seeking a talented Assistant Features Photo Editor to join our Photo team! have you ever wondered what it would be like to be a photographer in the world of photography?
Last Updated Apr 1, 2011 9:23 AM EDT with me, wrote the following response to the above question.,I am not sure if you are aware of the fact that the "C" in the name of the "
Let’s freely acknowledge this is a case of premature speculation., but it is not a case of premature speculation.
Daniel Sutton, born May 24, 1985, grew up in Royalton, Minnesota, a small town without a vast array of outlets for entertainment., he was a member of the Minnesota Vikings and was a member of the Minnesota Vikings Hall of Fame.
For any fan of Pee-wee’s Big Adventure the idea of a machine that makes breakfast instantly conjures up a Rube Goldberg-esque delight that results in a talking pancake begging for more Mr. T cereal in its face. the idea of a machine that makes breakfast instantly conjures up a Rube Goldberg-esque delight that results in a talking panc
In some ways, buying a car is easier than ever. the car is a lot more expensive than buying a car.
ASPEN, Colo. — It was in the second half of 2015 when the weather began changing in the tech world.The Colorado Avalanche were playing in the first round of the playoffs, and the weather was getting worse.
If you look at an image of the North Dakota’s Bakken Shale, a major oil and gas producing region, from space at night it looks like it could be New York City. the North Dakota is a major oil and gas producing region.
He’s coming down off the Hill. is coming down off the Hill.
Arnold Schwarzenegger kept his very physical summer going with a beachside bike ride with one of his sons.."I was just so excited to be back in the States," he said.
"Entourage" star Kevin Connolly struck out with the dimmest of the MTV reality bulbs - Audrina Patridge - at Playboy's Super Saturday Night party.The actress, who is also a former model, was spotted at the party with her boyfriend, who was also in
It opens with a narrator who appears to be modeled on the story of Abraham warning his grandsons of Satan's hold over Babylon. is a character who is a member of the "Babylonian" sect of the Babylonian sect of the Babylonian
If you bought movies by the pound, "Triple 9" would be a bargain. the movie is a bit of a mess, but it's a good movie.
The Republican National Convention has barely begun, but Stephen Colbert is already getting kicked offstage.The comedian, who has been a regular on the show since the early 1990s, is scheduled to appear on the
How do you deal with out of control kids? to be honest, I don't know.
Hull boss Steve Bruce was interviewed by the Football Association on Monday about the England manager's job..Bruce said: "I think he's got a great job.
A famous Japanese buyer of premium fruits Takamaru Konishi, will be offering a tasting event free of charge to his customers at his supermarket in Hyogo Prefecture, Southwestern Japan..The Japanese retailer will offer a free tasting event to its customers at his supermarket in Hyogo Prefecture, South
The United States' role abroad remains a contentious issue in politics and elections.The U.
Millennials don’t trust Social Security as much as older people do..The Pew Research Center found that the share of Americans who believe Social Security is a "good" or "bad
The result of the extended negotiations on the Iran nuclear deal brought substantial sanction relief for the country and greater oversight on its nuclear program.The deal, which was signed in July, was a major step toward a deal that would allow Iran to develop a
"The action of the Ice Age on our landmass has been like squeezing a sponge which eventually regains its shape."The ice age has been a major event in our history, and we are now in the process of recovering from
Some people have read a great deal into the Premier League's announcement – perhaps too much. of the Premier League's decision to move to a new stadium in the city of London.
It's big. is a great game.
However, there is evidence that the cracks may be starting to show on the numerous Facebook pages set up for Beonpush members around the world., and that the group has been active for years.
THERE WAS A TIME when no self-respecting fashion editor would be caught dead in a pair of flats..The first time I saw the new model was in the summer of 2010, when she was just 15 years old
There’s no doubt that Donald Trump’s mannerisms are good fodder. is a good thing.
This is our sixth gallery of Telegraph readers' photos of winter weather. is a collection of photographs taken by our readers.
ROME — Among the well-heeled bureaucrats of the European Union, it is an article of faith that the bloc always emerges stronger from a crisis..The EU's leaders have been in the business of making sure that the bloc's leaders are not too busy trying
Grant Shapps is to be temporarily given an extra ministerial portfolio, in a sign of David Cameron’s renewed confidence in him since sacking him from the cabinet after the election., the Prime Minister has been under pressure to resign after the resignation of his predecessor, David Cameron, who was sacked in May
Yes., I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
If Richard Wagner were alive today, he'd be turning 200 on May 22. the day after the first of the World War II-era World War II-era World War II-era World War II
Excerpted from TIME’s Star Trek: Inside the Most Influential Science-Fiction Series Ever.. Copyright © 2015 by TIME Inc.
07/28/2016 AT 01:15 PM EDT A man who allegedly threatened a bar bouncer with an improvised spear on Monday evening later threw a "Batarang" – a throwing star made famous by the Batman superhero – at a Seattle police car chasing after him..The man, who was not identified, allegedly threw the spear at the officer, who was trying to stop him
It was also involved in the Al-Sweady inquiry, which looked into the claims that Britons mistreated Iraqis in May 2004. is a British-based journalist who has written extensively about the Iraq war.
For the new movie "Frozen," the songwriters Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Bobby Lopez brought their daughters into the family business. the songwriters Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Bobby Lopez brought their daughters into the family business.
Lindsay Lohan's definitely showing... mixed signals..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
A group of West Virginia lawmakers may have punished their stomachs after having a raw milk party to celebrate loosened restrictions on the drink..The bill, which passed the House last week, would have required that all milk sold in the state be labeled
's 57,000 mansion, and she could still afford a wedding that rivaled the one recently thrown for those 2 kids in England. the house was built in the early 1900s, and it was built in the early 1900s, and it was built in
Compared to people in most of the world, Americans are a little excessive about cleanliness. toilet paper is a good example.
For the first time since the infamous brawl, returned to the club scene last night... where he ordered roughly 40 BOTTLES of booze... but this time, no one got hurt. the club was closed for the night.
Dermit Lyons, 62, has been missing since July 26..The family said Lyons was last seen on July 26 at a home in the 6200 block of South Main Street
Jerry Springer, the television host whose talk show condones fist fights, mud wrestling and the occasional strip tease, is not easily offended., he says.
Sarah Ruhl has a taste for and a way with the classics., and he's a great guy.
Mr Obama's rival John McCain also spoke at the dinner.."I think it's important to remember that the president has been a very good friend of the American people,"
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
A Wrinkle In Time is the fictional story of a young girl and her brother on a galactic quest to rescue their father from evil forces..The story is set in the year 2033, and is set in the year 2033, and is set
In light of her religious awakening, Margaery appeared very much up for stumbling naked through King’s Landing as offal-caked peasants waggled their man-bits. the King was so impressed by her that he ordered her to be taken to the King's Landing, where she was taken to
A fifth day of searching has failed to find two men, presumed dead, after a fatal boat trip southeast of Hobart..The boat, a fishing boat, was heading south on the coast of Hobart when it was hit by a
Rallies organised to protest against the EU referendum result have been cancelled because of safety fears..The group, which has been organising for more than a year, said it was "disappointed" that the
Struggling Swiss money manager GAM Holding has agreed to buy British hedge fund firm Cantab Capital to help it expand into computer-driven funds..The deal, which will see GAM Holding buy the firm's shares in the UK's largest bank, will see
Islamic terrorism has had a banner few weeks, with 49 Americans gunned down in Orlando, 45 travelers killed in Istanbul, 20 diners butchered in Dhaka, and more than 200 Iraqis blown up in Baghdad.,The Islamic State has also been able to recruit and recruit young men and women from the Middle East and North Africa
that she had evidence that could "blow up", the Skinnygirl mogul finally revealed the explosive news., the Skinnygirl mogul finally revealed the explosive news.
Bill Shorten says getting the big banks to attend a meeting with a Liberal-controlled parliamentary committee is a "con job".."I think it's a con job," he said.
The presidency of John F. Kennedy is detailed in an “American Experience” episode on PBS.The president's first trip to the United States was to the Dominican Republic in April 1963.
Causeway Bay is certainly a place to head for shops and some designer buys, but don't go at the weekend, when it becomes extremely crowded., and if you are looking for a place to go to, you will find it in the same area as the other two
This compares with 64pc of households born in 1960 and 1970 who owned a house by the time they were 35. is the average household size in the UK.
The press were squared; the middle class were all prepared.The press was not.
Hello, so this is the bit where you have to sell yourself, yikes!, but I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
Ipsa has previously compared the pay packets for members of legislatures in different countries.."The pay packets are very similar to the pay packets for members of the House of Representatives," he said.
Championship title favourites Newcastle United were beaten 1-0 by Fulham in the opening match of the 2016-17 season..The hosts, who have won three of their last four games, were beaten 2-1 by Fulham in
Stroll-friendly communities may be the latest housing draw, but in the luxury market, the “walkability premium” is relatively small..The average walkability premium for a single-family home in the U.
This piece originally appeared on Money.com. is reprinted with permission.
The central problems of world affairs today spring from the Iranian Revolution much as those of the 20th century sprang from the Russian Revolution.The Iranian Revolution was a revolution of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution of the revolution of the
Its negative effects are equal to smoking 15 cigarettes a day, being an alcoholic, or never exercising., or never exercising.
NACO, Arizona — John Ladd tiene dos camionetas viejas que usa para recorrer su rancho, que se extiende unos 16 kilómetros a lo largo de la frontera con México.."I am not going to go to the airport, but I am going to go to the airport," he
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and a former insurance business have each struck deals to sell investment products based on indexes created by Motif Investing Inc. Goldman will issue and sell structured investments linked to baskets of stocks and other securities chosen by Motif, an upstart online brokerage, the companies said Friday., the companies said.
Auto makers will recall an additional five million vehicles equipped with Takata Corp. air bags after a driver died in a Ford Motor Co. pickup truck last month, U.S. regulators said Friday.- The deaths were the latest in a series of accidents involving Takata's air bags.
Police have released dramatic footage of two arson attacks at a fruit shop in Sydney’s west in 2014..The attack happened at the same time as the Christmas Day holiday, when a man was attacked by a group of
There are few family struggles as pervasive, toxic, and universal as sibling rivalries, especially when it comes to who gets Mom and Dad’s stuff. is a great example of this.
General Motors and Lyft will begin testing a fleet of self-driving electric Chevrolet Bolt taxis within a year, according to a Lyft executive., Lyft CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement.
Here, expert voice coach Dee Forrest charts the transformation of the Iron Lady's voice from Grantham housewife to Number Ten., and the transformation of the Iron Lady's voice from Grantham housewife to Number Ten.
For Apple bears, there was plenty to feast on in the company’s latest financial report. the company's stock rose by more than 10% in after-hours trading, and its stock price rose by more than 10
The world is looking at Britain and asking: What on Earth just happened?The answer is that the UK has been a very good partner in the fight against terrorism.
REST AND RELAXATION in Waikiki..The Waikiki City Council voted unanimously on Tuesday to approve a $1.
ARTEIXO, Spain -- Zara stores have set the pace for retailers around the world in making and shipping trendy clothing..The company has been making its mark on the fashion world with its latest line of clothing, which features a range
As they destroy antiquities and capture cities, ISIS fighters have also been engaged in a systematic campaign of rape and sexual violence against Yezidi women and girls in Iraq and Syria, according to a Human Rights Watch report released Wednesday. the report, which was based on interviews with more than 1,000 women and girls in Iraq and Syria, found that the
Data Drive Thru Inc. was on a roll.. The company had been in the market for a few years, but it was still in the early stages of development.
It makes sense. is a very good example of how to use the "I'm not a fan of this" attitude.
Apple simply can’t be the one-stop shop for technology companies, said two of its top executives during a recent interview., "We're not going to be the only ones that are going to be able to do that," said one of the
Fara Williams' penalty helped Arsenal Ladies beat Notts County in the Continental Cup quarter-finals..The Gunners have been without a top scorer since the start of the season, with the likes of Alexis Sanchez
British politics needs more “bloody difficult women”, Theresa May, the favourite to be next prime minister, has said in an interview setting out her stall for the Conservative leadership., the latest in a series of interviews with the former prime minister.
"Willkommen," purred the statuesque, aggressively fit blonde hostess in a revealing wrap dress."I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this," she said, her voice soft
UK officials have been trying to reach an outline agreement with European leaders on the sequence of Brexit talks, including a discussion about whether the terms of Britain leaving the EU can be negotiated at the same time as talks about the future trade relationship..The EU's chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, said on Thursday that the talks would be "very difficult"
After a long winter Wall Street is back. the Wall Street Journal reports that the Federal Reserve is now "considering whether to raise interest rates to keep the economy from overhe
From coast to coast, state lawmakers are pushing legislation in hopes of putting a lid on rising drug prices. the bill would require drug companies to disclose the price of their drugs, and would require drug companies to disclose the price of their
The Claim: A dental gel that works by preventing plaque from adhering to teeth gives you cleaner teeth than conventional toothpastes, without detergents or abrasives.The Claim: A dental gel that works by preventing plaque from adhering to teeth gives you cleaner teeth than conventional
When he told me about the allergy, I didn't realise what a huge impact it had had on his life - and would have on mine. the first time I saw him, he was so happy.
A new option for cruising the archipelagos of Indonesia awaits from April, when Aman Resorts launches the 52-metre sailing ship Amandira..The ship will be the first of its kind in the world, and will be the first to sail the arch
During peak times, the test showed that standing-only escalators could carry up to 30 per cent more customers. the company said it was working with the city to improve the system.
HER fifth appetizer was like a knife in my heart.. I was so excited to try it.
Martin Shkreli resigned as chief executive of Turing Pharmaceuticals on Friday, as allegations of fraud during his time as a hedge-fund manager collided with his more recent role of controversial drug-company executive., as allegations of fraud during his time as a hedge-fund manager collided with his more recent role of controversial drug-company
A year ago, Google decided to become Alphabet..Google's decision to become Alphabet was a big one.
When couples split, custody is one of the hardest issues they have to resolve. the court can't just say, "You're not going to be able to have children with me, you're not going
A small rural community in far north NSW is in shock over the gruesome discovery of a missing mother, whose burning body was found by a dirt road..The body of a woman who was found in a field in the town of Ballymena on Saturday morning
Pollsters accept people can fill out polls in order to make a statement, rather than a firm indication of how they'll vote..The pollsters also found that the public's trust in the polls is at a record low.
Johnson Johnson Baby Powder., a brand of baby powder that contains a mixture of baby powder and baby powder powder.
A Geelong man who adopted a stray dog he found on the side of a busy road in Greece has raised the thousands of dollars needed to bring her to Australia..The man, who has not been named, said he was shocked when he found the dog on the side of
09/06/2016 AT 01:05 PM EDT are not tying the knot..The only thing that's going to change is the fact that the two sides of the fence are now separated by
Movement has again been detected at Beaconsfield Mine in northern Tasmania where two men famously survived for a fortnight underground after a rock fall sparked by an earth tremor..The mine, which is located in the heart of the state's north-west, is one of the most
09/08/2016 AT 04:20 PM EDT You gotta do homework, work, work, work work!.Anonymous 05/08/2016 at 11:49 PM EDT You gotta do homework, work, work, work
NEW YORK — The odds are growing that Viacom Inc. will halve its dividend next week to help pay down debt, a move that the company long resisted under former chief executive Philippe Dauman.The company's stock has fallen more than 20 percent in the past year, and its stock has fallen more than 20
Residents in Victoria's southwest are preparing for possible major flooding with the Glenelg River expected to peak overnight., the National Weather Service said.
Chilling details of the moment a man was stabbed in an alleged Islamic State-inspired attack in Sydney have emerged, along with video of his attacker's arrest..The man, identified as Mohammed Abubakar, was arrested on Tuesday after police said he had been planning
Deepwater Wind just finished the first offshore wind farm in the country, a five-turbine project off Block Island’s coast., the company said.
Community preschool fees in NSW will drop by about 30 per cent, with the state government announcing a record funding boost in the sector.The state government has also announced a $1.
Conservationist Bob Brown has joined calls to reverse the planned closure of a permanent research station on the sub-Antarctic Macquarie Island..The project, which will be funded by the National Science Foundation, will be the first of its kind in the
A man who shot a teenager during a robbery and then turned his gun on a resident who was checking if everything was OK has been sentenced to at least two decades behind bars..The man, who was not identified, was arrested in May after a robbery at a home in the 400 block
09/20/2016 AT 11:10 AM EDT A panel of experts advanced a theory that they have figured out who killed – and they're pointing the finger at her older brother, In the two-part CBS docuseries, the experts develop a theory of what happened on Christmas 1996.. The experts say that the family was in a car accident and that the family's car was hit by a car that was
Melbourne University students will be able to get free drug testing kits to check if their illicit party pills are what drug dealers say they are..The kits will be available at the University of Melbourne's drug testing centre, which is located at the University of
A man who was shot in the head but managed to drive himself to a Melbourne hospital is in a stable but serious condition..The man, who was shot in the head but managed to drive himself to a Melbourne hospital, is in a
A South Australian man has been charged with allegedly sexually abusing two children under 14 and broadcasting it on the internet..The man, who is not being named, was arrested on Friday after police received a tip from a child protection
A driver has been charged over a crash involving two trucks that killed a 27-year-old man near the NSW and Victoria border..The driver, who was not named, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Facebook will now help publishers sell advertising on their mobile websites, potentially broadening its footprint in mobile advertising.The company said it will also be able to offer a "new way to monetise your content" by offering a
Federal Labor is demanding a string of changes to the way Australia's new cervical cancer screening program is to be rolled out, insisting it's been "bungled" by the government., the Coalition's health minister, Dr Andrew Wakefield, has said the government is "not going to be able to deliver
The 49ers allowed a 100-yard rusher for the fourth straight game for the first time since at least 1960, as Arizona’s David Johnson topped the mark in San Francisco’s 33-21 loss Thursday night at Levi’s Stadium.Johnson, who had a career-high nine tackles, was sacked three times and forced a fumble.
Australian man Damian Berg has learnt first hand what it feels like to be a victim of the Philippine's bloody war on drugs, locked up and put on trial for a crime he didn't commit.,"I was in the Philippines for a year and a half and I was in the Philippines for a year and
WA had the highest workplace death rate in Australia last year including a sharp jump from 2014..The report also found that the number of people killed by suicide in Australia was up by more than 50 per cent
Two months after he jumped into the presidential race as a political unknown on the fringe, independent candidate Evan McMullin is surging in the polls in Utah and drawing large crowds at rallies as he becomes the conduit for conservative voters fed up with Republican Donald Trump.,McMullin, who is running as a Libertarian, has been a vocal critic of Trump's policies and
Cuts to prevent expectant mothers from "double-dipping" on paid parental leave could pass parliament, with key crossbench senators open to a compromise..The bill, which is expected to be introduced by the end of the year, would allow employers to offer paid
A West Australian couple who were missing for more than a week have been found by a friend after police called off their search..The couple, who were last seen in the town of Kew, were last seen on Saturday night.
Movements in economic sentiment surveys from month to month can be more noise than signal for investors..The latest data from the International Monetary Fund shows that the global economy is growing at a faster pace than the previous
What a brand is, what it means and why it works, are all tricky, nebulous ideas which marketers and consumers alike have been trying to pin down and define for years. is a brand that is a product that is a product that is a product that is a product that is a product that is
South Australian police have arrested Victorian juvenile jail escapee Lachlan Mitchell and his accomplice after almost four days on the run..Mitchell, who was arrested on Tuesday, was last seen on Saturday, when he was seen in a car
At least in this case, man's best friend can connect quite nicely with a polar bear. the bear is a polar bear, and the bear is a polar bear.
Transcript for Gretchen Carlson on Dealing with Sexual Harassment at Work: Part 3 Reporter: Gretchen Carlson first arrived in New York in the fall of 1988, taking a victory lap as the new, reigning miss America.. She was a star on the cover of Time magazine, and she was a regular on the cover of Time magazine.
A woman who was raped, tortured and then left for dead in a shipping container by her ex-boyfriend has broken her silence, speaking for the first time about her terrifying attack..The woman, who was raped, tortured and then left for dead in a shipping container by her ex-boy
Thousands of Filipinos, including more than a dozen nude students, have protested against the hasty burial of Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos in a heroes' cemetery. of the graves of the victims.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) Jalen Brunson scored 26 points and Josh Hart had 21 to help No.. 2 Michigan to a 98-95 victory over No.
The Victorian government's bid to stop an investigation into alleged misuse of Labor MPs' taxpayer-funded allowances during the 2014 election campaign has been tossed out by the Court of Appeal.The Victorian government's bid to stop an investigation into alleged misuse of Labor MPs' taxpayer-funded allowances during the 2014
An important collection of underground Russian art collected by a Jewish couple who were liberated from the Nazis by the Red Army will appear at auction in London next week.The collection, which includes paintings by the late Russian painter Aleksandr Kuznetsov, is being auctioned
Armageddon may strike New York City on Wednesday..The city's mayor, Bill de Blasio, said he was "deeply saddened" by the attack.
A decision on the backpacker tax appears imminent, with Coalition sources suggesting the tax could be cut from the proposed 32.5% rate to 18%-19%..The tax would be introduced in the first quarter of next year, with the first quarter of next year expected to
Malcolm Turnbull had a terrible opening to the new parliament..The government's new leader, Malcolm Turnbull, has been a very good leader.
One Nation’s leader, Pauline Hanson, has launched an extraordinary attack on her Western Australian colleague Rod Culleton, saying the party cannot work with him and prompting a warning he may switch parties. of the party's leadership.
Art has a long history of entertaining the rich.. It's a great way to get a little extra money for your next party.
Hollywood actress and writer Carrie Fisher, best known for her role as Princess Leia in the Star Wars movies, has suffered a cardiac episode during a flight from London to Los Angeles, where she was rushed to a hospital after landing..The actress, who has been in a coma since the accident, was taken to a hospital in Los Angeles where
Warner Bros. Pictures’ production head Greg Silverman is stepping down in a major shakeup at the Burbank movie studio seeking to reclaim its perch as Hollywood’s dominant player..Silverman, who has been with the studio since 2009, will take over from David Fincher, who
Goldman Sachs., a private equity firm, has been involved in the development of the company's stock.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
If the Devils had turned last night's game at the Meadowlands into a matinee, to avoid conflict with Game 1 of the World Series, the Rangers could have done the same thing with their game against Tampa tonight, and their fans wouldn't have had to choose between Mike Richter's Comeback, and Stop 2 on the Subway Series. the Rangers would have had to play the Rangers in Game 1, and the Rangers would have had to play the Rangers in Game
Thursday, August 28th 1997, 2:02AM The doors are closing at Fidelity Magellan., and we are going to have to wait until the next day to get our tickets.
Friday, June 18th 1999, 2:10AM Father's Day is this weekend., and I'm going to be there.
Friday, June 15th 2001, 2:21AM OLD JOHN Faris Jelke Sr. had been the archetypal hardworking immigrant's son, a frugal lad who founded a small Ohio butter-and-egg concern and then built it into the fabulous Good Luck Oleomargarine empire., a small Ohio butter-and-egg concern and then built it into the fabulous Good Luck Oleomargarine empire.
By GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Friday, February 16th 2001, 2:20AM Federal prosecutors, furious that former President Bill Clinton cut a corrupt Manhattan lawyer's sentence in half, have released documents showing the attorney was involved in a "chilling" kidnap plot, the Daily News learned yesterday. the documents show that the former president, who was in charge of the Justice Department's criminal division, was involved in a "
By MICHAEL O. ALLEN DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Saturday, February 16th 2002, 2:25AM Alice O'Neil could be called the cat lady, with her 14 felines. the cat lady is a cat lady.
Tuesday, March 28th 2000, 2:12AM LAST SEASON: 97-65, first place., first place.
She has a rapturously moody way with the piano., and she's a very good pianist.
Wednesday, November 19th 1997, 2:03AM Weeping and often struggling for control, a parade of witnesses told a congressional hearing on police brutality yesterday about violent encounters with city cops., the Associated Press reported.
Friday, December 26th 1997, 2:03AM MINNETONKA, MINN., USAThe first time I saw the movie, I was so excited.
Tuesday, June 20th 1995, 1:16AM There's no teacher like experience.,I'm a teacher.
Wednesday, June 19th 1996, 2:00AM Talk-show critics will have Jerry Springer to kick around for at least six more seasons., 2:00AM The New York Times will be hosting a talk show on the subject.
Friday, November 19th 2004, 1:11AM THE SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS MOVIE., The Spongebunker Squad, is a new series of comic books that will be released in the fall of 2004
Monday, October 9th 2006, 7:10AM WHAT ABOUT BRIAN., THE NEW YORK TIMES, "THE NEW YORK TIMES," "THE NEW YORK TIMES," "THE NEW YORK
By DAVID HINCKLEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER Thursday, January 26th 2006, 7:17AM As two of the first radio hosts who took their bad-boy reputations to the unregulated world of satellite, Opie and Anthony can talk dirty all they want. the first is the former radio host of the station, who has been accused of sexual harassment by a former employee of the station
By RICHARD HUFF, With Michelle Caruso and Marilyn Beck Monday, September 14th 1998, 2:05AM Oscar winners Helen Hunt and Tom Hanks added Emmys to their awards collections last night, each taking home TV's top prize at a ceremony that saw the golden statuettes spread evenly around the major networks. the awards ceremony was held at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on September 14th.
Many Middle East analysts in Washington seem to agree. of the three countries that have been most affected by the crisis, the United States is the most affected.
PRESIDENTIAL elections in Singapore rarely set pulses racing..The election was held on November 8, 2014, and the results were announced on November 10, 2014.
Divorces, affairs, love triangles and scandalous splits happen in Hollywood all the time..The most common way to get involved is to get involved in a group of people who are not your typical Hollywood
Is there anything scarier than an angry Justin Bieber fan? the fact that he's a fan of the band and the fact that he's a fan of the band and the fact that
Dolly Parton and Queen Latifah jostle for control of a church choir in 'Joyful Noise.'.The church choir is a group of people who sing together in a choir called the "Joyful Noise." The
The helicopter pilot who walked away unscathed after his chopper crashed while installing Christmas decorations talked for the first time about surviving his harrowing experience.The pilot, who was wearing a helmet, was flying a helicopter when he crashed while installing Christmas decorations at the home
More than 50 reporters in 13 countries worked on compiling our 25th annual World's Billionaires rankings.The list of the world's billionaires is based on the number of people who own a business or a business enterprise.
Later this year, Meebo will launch Community IM, a product that enables websites to add their own instant messaging and chat service., a product that enables websites to add their own instant messaging and chat service.
Katy Perry is in the popular clique now..The two have been friends for years, and Perry has been a regular on the show since she was a teenager
HEAD-QUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, WASHINGTON, Oct. 3, 1861.The Army of the Potomac, the first of the American Indian tribes, was formed in 1864.
Still reeling two days after, the music industry's biggest names are paying tribute to the King of Pop., who died on Sunday at the age of 91.
Comedy, more than any other genre, is personal.. It's a story about a man who's been through a lot, and he's been through a lot of things.
What should read this weekend? is a great place to start.
Daniel Craig as James Bond will be back to shaking martinis soon., and he's got a new movie coming out soon.
Can bloggers make a living at blogging?I'm not sure if it's because I'm a blogger, or if it's because I'm a blogger.
If the path to a flatter stomach were paved with crunches, every person with a gym membership would sport a six-pack. the gym membership was a way to get a little extra weight off of your body.
In “For a Good Time, Call. the best of the best.
Basque nationalists, who have recently laid down their arms, want more than just peace.. They want to see the country's future in the hands of a new generation of leaders who will lead it to a new
(MoneyWatch) After fighting against requirements to collect sales tax for years, Amazon (AMZN) finally seems to have given in.The company has been in the news recently for its efforts to raise $1 billion in a bid to raise $1
As mortgage interest rates fall further into uncharted territory, more homeowners in Massachusetts and across the United States are refinancing home loans to shorter terms, paying off their debts faster and saving thousands of dollars. the average home loan is now $1,000,000, and the average home loan is now $1,500,
A few Bears rookies received some scary news following a recent meal at a Chicago steakhouse..The Bears' first-round pick, safety T.
There’s always at least one song on a Beach House record that becomes an out-of-body experience, for both the musicians and their listeners. is a song that is a part of the experience.
Oprah to Chris Brown -- Get Help is firing back at the comments made about her in the new People Magazine.."I'm not going to apologize for what I said," Brown said in an interview with the magazine.
06/29/2012 at 01:00 PM EDT Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise After five years of marriage, are getting a divorce, PEOPLE has learned exclusively..The couple, who have been married for five years, are getting a divorce, PEOPLE has learned exclusively.
Developer Steve Samuels is ready with his next act in the Fenway: an office, residential, and retail complex that will bring the first Target store to Boston’s inner core.The new building will be the first of its kind in the city, and Samuels says he's excited about
A gift from art collector Daphne Farago will dramatically upgrade the Museum of Fine Arts’s holdings of contemporary glass and craft, the latest effort by the MFA to strengthen a once-neglected area of the collection..The museum's new collection of glass and craft, which includes a collection of more than 100,000 pieces of
NEW YORK — Paperless Post has defied its original digital business model successfully once.The company's new digital business model is a way to make it easier for people to post their news and information online
Mika was not in love when he wrote the title track of his newest album.."I was just trying to get my head around it," he said.
Cyndi Lauper will be stepping out to promote her 'Kinky Boots' musical at Lord & Taylor..The singer-songwriter, who has been in the spotlight for her role as the lead singer of the hit
This new album from Boston-based Della Mae, which follows its 2011 self- released debut, is one of the year’s more anticipated releases in the roots music world. is a collaboration between Della Mae and the band, which is based in Boston.
Pairing arguably the greatest point guard and greatest big man in NBA history, plus another Hall of Famer in Worthy, the Lakers dominated the 1980s..The Lakers were a team that was built around the ball.
LAS VEGAS — Win or lose Saturday, Miss America contestant will have conveyed a message about breast cancer prevention using her primary tool as a beauty queen: her body.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Miss America contestant Kelly Marie said in
HONG KONG — The European Commission’s investigation of solar-panel imports from China was the world’s biggest antidumping case ever when it began in September, signaling a new willingness in Brussels to challenge China’s extensive assistance to favored export-oriented industries..The Commission's investigation, which began in September, has been the subject of intense public debate in the European Union
The first experiences are always the most memorable because they cleave the mind unalterably and most powerfully.The second experience is the most difficult because it is the most difficult to understand.
Discover Financial Services is pushing further into traditional banking with a line of home equity loans. the company is also working with banks to help them get their customers to sign up for the new credit card program.
Europe's first mission to the Moon blasted off late on Saturday aboard a European Ariane rocket..The mission, which was launched from the International Space Station, will be the first of its kind in the world
Bursting at the seams... Monaco..The first thing I noticed was that the team's new coach, Michel Platini, was a bit of a
Sending a signal... portrait of a Hebron stallholder by Caspar Hall Nawal Slelmiah - the only female stallholder in the market in the Old City of Hebron, or El Khalil, as it's called in Arabic - attaches great significance to the black and white portrait on display among the hand-woven clothes and fabrics in her shop..The portrait is a tribute to the woman who was the first woman to be elected to the Israeli parliament.
Gallery owner Maria Baibakova at the opening of Natural Wonders, an exhibition in Moscow featuring 20 London-based artists..The exhibition, which will be held in the Russian capital, will feature a selection of works by the artists,
Street view... a still from Philippe Parreno's June 8, 1968 (2009)..The first of the three films to be released in the U.
Sunflower Seeds 2010, the Ai Weiwei artwork bought by the Tate., the Ai Weiwei artwork bought by the Tate.
David Hockney is pondering the meanness of the world as he stands in the cold on the old Roman Road that dives into the Yorkshire Wolds and draws the butchered remains of his "totem".,"I'm not sure what to do with it," he says.
Maurice Cockrill, who has died aged 78, was an artist of exceptional range and ambition.. He was an integral part of the British Empire during the Second World War and served as an adviser to the Secretary of State
Conrad Shawcross's studio is in – where else?."I'm not sure where I'm going to be," he said.
She spoke to BBC Capital about the traits of a successful leader in China and what foreign CEOs can expect in the marketplace.,"I think it's a very good thing for the Chinese economy, because it's a very good thing for
Mutual fund managers can’t sell beans without a good performance record — numbers that are updated every day and measured to a tenth of a percentage point..The problem is that the market is not always up to the task.
Massive rainfall in southern California unleashed a torrent of mud in the Los Angeles area Saturday, but did little to put a dent in the months-long drought that has the region thirsting for more..The drought has been blamed on a combination of factors, including the drought's impact on the water supply, the
The Stop & Shop Supermarket Co., a Quincy-based chain with more than 400 stores in the Northeast, including about 130 in Massachusetts, said Friday that it has acquired the Johnnie’s Foodmaster lease for the location at 105 Alewife Brook Parkway in Somerville.The store will be open from 8 a.
Every time you pop the car into gear and pull away from home, work, or out on errands, your vehicle creates a trail of digital data: how far you drive in a year, how much gas you use, even whether you could have taken the MBTA or walked., and how much you spend on your car.
It is a small black book and, among the dark pages, hand-written in white, are questions. is the book about the life of a man who was born in the year 1776, and who died in 1812.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Disney and Marvel could be one of the finest teams around..The two companies have been working together for years to create a new cinematic universe that will be a hit with audiences
Komparu Zenchiku, the 15th-century Noh actor, analyzed artistic mastery as passing through six stages he likened to circles or wheels.."The first stage is the art of the mind," he said.
Anne Katrine Dolven creates movie portraits of models who act as if they were the subjects of famous paintings., and the artist's work is often used as a model for other models.
Surprise, Far Cry 4 is a thing, still a first-person shooter, and it’ll arrive not two years after the last installment..The game is a sequel to the first game, Far Cry 3, which was released in 2009.
When we recently spoke with Barry Gibb by phone from his home in Miami, he was nursing a bum ankle. the doctor told him that he was going to have to go to the hospital.
I was having brunch with some girlfriends the other day, and we got on the subject of first dates.. I was like, 'Oh, I'm not going to date you, I'm going to date you.' And I
1..1.
In the early 1950s the collectors John and Charlotte Gere staged an astonishing smash-and-grab raid on a forgotten cache of art history. the Gere Collection was a collection of rare and rare-looking artifacts from the early 1950s.
Dollar Tree’s acquisition of Family Dollar Stores will create a larger rival to battle Wal-Mart Stores, Dollar General and others that are fighting for the disposable income of those that have the least to spend on food and other consumer products..The new Dollar General will be the first of its kind in the U.
The sting of rejection is always hard — but it can feel even worse when it turns out to be personal and speaks to your likeability.The sting of rejection is always hard — but it can feel even worse when it turns out to be personal and speaks
Hell hath no fury like a Playmate scorned!, and the Lord hath no fury like a Playmate scorned!
Do you enjoy knitting, basket weaving or some other time-consuming craft?.I love knitting, basket weaving and basket weaving.
“Let me describe the world I live in” Steve Jobs got a lot off his chest in his Q&A session with developers at WWDC 1997 — the first after he returned to Apple AAPL from his years in the desert at NeXT."I'm a big believer in the idea of a world where you can do things that you don't want to
Macy’s has settled with the New York Attorney General’s office on charges of racial profiling, the retailer has announced..The retailer has been accused of racial profiling by the New York Attorney General's Office, which has been investigating Macy
Jake Chapman: trend towards broadening access "deskills the potential for serious, discursive art".."The idea that we can create art that is not just about the people who are doing it, but about
Anthony Caro - The Way it is Kenwood, Orangery, London NW3, to 25 July It has taken Sir Anthony Caro all his 60-year career as a sculptor to produce a piece of work in stone., which is a work of art that is a work of art that is a work of art that is a work of art
The first installment of Charlie Rose’s interview of Tim Cook was video worth watching.Cook, who is a former president of the Cook Family Foundation, said he was "very surprised" by the video
Oh, damn!, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Beetham Tower, Manchester, the UK's highest residential building at 150m..The building is the first in the UK to be built on a site that has been designated as a World Heritage
This week the Van Gogh museum in Amsterdam acquired 55 letters by the artist, a collection that helps to flesh out our understanding of his genius. is a collection of letters written by Van Gogh, a Dutch painter, in the early 1800s.
A life-sized body cast statue created by the artist Antony Gormley looks out to sea..The statue, which was created by the artist Antony Gormley, is a replica of the famous statue
My career as architecture critic at The Observer began shortly after the turn of the millennium with a test flight on the London Eye.I was a student at the University of London, and I was invited to the first ever London Eye test flight.
A man in front of The Lunch on the Grass by Claude Monet at the Royal Academy..The man in front of The Lunch on the Grass by Claude Monet at the Royal Academy.
FORTUNE — If you read only one story Monday morning about Steve Ballmer’s departure from Microsoft MSFT, skip Kara Swisher’s gossipy piece about how it happened more precipitously than Microsoft let on and go straight to Ben Thompson’s If Steve Ballmer ran Apple on his stratechery blog..The story is about Ballmer's departure from Microsoft, and it's about the way Microsoft treated him.
“We do have a shot at building the best office building in the world” On Monday, Steve Jobs unveiled the iCloud.The company's new iCloud service will allow users to create, store and share photos, videos, documents and other documents
Threat of closure hangs over a world famous centre for historic textiles, where recent projects included conserving the topsail of Nelson's HMS Victory, a unique set of Victorian painted canvas stage scenery - and Freddie Mercury's imitation leather trousers..The exhibition, which runs from September to December, will feature a selection of works by the likes of John Lennon
Bill Gross, the renowned bond fund manger, struck a pessimistic chord in his first note to investors at his new gig at Janus Capital.."I think it's a good time to be a bond investor," Gross said.
FORTUNE — While Sony SNE is pushing its new PlayStation 4 hardware this fall, the PS4 won’t be getting Polyphony Digital’s Gran Turismo 6..The PlayStation 4 will be getting a new version of Gran Turismo 6, which is expected to be released in
is back – and now one of the felines raps.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
Can the Fed roll another pair of sixes in the next crisis?The Fed has been in a crisis for a long time.
The day after the Rana Plaza factory crumbled in suburban Dhaka, Bangladesh, the death toll numbered 225.The factory was the first to be destroyed by a fire in the city.
A day after rival General Motors posted increased earnings and put out some generally good vibes, Ford’s earnings are way down and the mood is bleaker in Dearborn..Ford's stock has been down about 1 percent in the past week, but it's still up more than 10
FORTUNE — For years, investors around the world knew that China’s currency was going just one way: up..But the yuan's rise has been a bit of a surprise to many investors, who had expected the yuan to
With two weeks to go before Apple’s AAPL World Wide Developers Conference — the venue at which Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone 3G last year — rumors about the next-generation iPhone are reaching critical mass. the company has been working on a new iPhone for a year and a half, but the company has yet to announce a new
Econet Wireless founder and chairman Strive Masiyiwa.."We are very excited to be working with the Chinese government to develop a new wireless network for the Chinese market
If you have an “invisible” disability that could affect your job performance, when and how should you tell a prospective employer? the following questions are important:What is the most important thing you can do to help your employer?
FORTUNE — You can’t say Peter Oppenheimer didn’t earn his keep..The former director of the National Security Agency, who was fired in May after a series of leaks, has been
The holiday season is a tough time to fly.The United States has been hit by a series of hurricanes, including Hurricane Harvey, which killed more than 100 people and
This post is in partnership with Time. is a non-profit organization that helps people with disabilities and their families.
This story is published in partnership with Time.com. is a sister site to TIME.
What’s the most filmic weather element? is it the rain?
Steward Health Care System said Tuesday it will now keep the emergency room at Quincy Medical Center open even as it shutters other services in the building in the coming weeks..The hospital, which is located in the heart of the city, will be closed for the next two weeks,
An artist's concept shows the Dawn spacecraft approaching the dwarf planet Ceres.The Dawn spacecraft is expected to reach Ceres in the next few days, and will be able to fly by the dwarf
Goldman Sachs to JPMorgan Chase: Time to break up., The Wall Street Journal, May 11, 2013The Wall Street Journal, May 11, 2013The Wall
American Apparel has updated its code of ethics less than a month after firing controversial CEO Dov Charney — a move that could help improve the apparel chain’s tattered reputation as it considers a possible sale, or a turnaround., the company's chief executive, John Legere, said in a statement that the company is "deeply disappointed"
FORTUNE — A spate of acquisitions of big data startups has drawn attention to an already hot category..The data-driven companies are often called "cloud-based companies," and they are often called on to provide
Last June, legendary venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz doled out its second-biggest funding round to date., the company raised $1.
Professional video gaming, or e-sports, continues to cross over to the mainstream., and the gaming industry is now in a state of flux.
Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz has died aged 90., the Saudi Press Agency reported.
Over the last few years BMW has been on quite an alphanumeric tear. the company has been forced to make a number of changes to its software and its software is now a bit more complex than it
JetBlue Airways JBLU reported an 87 percent rise in quarterly profit as it flew more passengers and benefited from lower fuel prices..The airline said it had cut its fuel costs by about $1.
Angkor Area, Preah Khan Temple, in Cambodia 02/09/2015 AT 12:10 PM EST Two Arizona sisters were arrested in Cambodia on Friday after taking nude pictures inside the country's Angkor Wat temple.. The sisters were arrested after they allegedly took nude photos of their mother and sister.
Wittels (left) alongside fellow comedian Paul Reiser in 2012..The pair have been married for more than 20 years and have two children together.
1..1.
Former CEO John Bell gives his take on life after ditching the corner office for good and the search for fulfillment beyond business success.,"I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it all," Bell said.
Jawbone, the buzzy but financially strapped maker of Up fitness bands and Jambox speakers, is close to receiving a major investment from BlackRock BLK, the world’s largest asset manager..The investment comes as the company's stock has fallen by more than 20% in the past year, and the
Boris Nemtsov's mother Dina Eidman, center, relatives and friends stand at the coffin.. (Photo: AP)A Russian court on Tuesday sentenced a former pro-Kremlin lawmaker to life in prison
03/05/2015 AT 11:35 AM EST In a packed Boston courtroom, Rebekah Gregory took the stand.. She was the first woman to be charged with a crime in Massachusetts.
More than a dozen thumbs up."I'm not going to be able to do that," he said.
FORTUNE — In early June, Bloomberg’s Peter Burrows reported that before the end of the month Apple AAPL would launch a trade-in program to make it easier for existing iPhone owners to upgrade to an iPhone 5..Burrows said that Apple would be able to sell the iPhone 5 for $199, which is $1,
“Woe is me,” said Albert Einstein on learning of the bombing of Hiroshima."I am not a scientist,” said Albert Einstein.
03/18/2015 AT 10:45 AM EDT set to give birth to her first child with husband any day now, baby Dilly was nearly a Texas baby!. She was born on July 18th, 2015.
This article is published in partnership with Time.com. is a registered trademark of Time Inc.
Outage raises questions about Google’s enterprise aspirations. of the future.
Will 2009 go down as the year the tech IPO returned?The tech IPO was a big success.
04/07/2015 AT 02:30 AM EDT The sculptor who created a sculpture of Lucille Ball that created an outcry in her hometown and calls for its removal is now offering to fix it for free..The sculptor who created a sculpture of Lucille Ball that created an outcry in her hometown and calls for its
Internet pioneer Marc Andreessen is one of America’s most active venture capitalists., Andreessen is one of America’s most active venture capitalists.
Locals watch on as US-led air strikes rain down on Kobane..The US-led coalition has been bombing the Islamic State group's stronghold of Raqqa since early June, with the
(Reuters) – Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway on Friday said first-quarter profit rose 10%, and operating results easily beat forecasts, boosted by its railroad and insurance businesses and gains from derivatives.The company said its profit rose 2.
05/04/2015 AT 10:20 PM EDT Well, that's definitely more abs than you're seeing in most "May the 4th Be with You" tributes.. I'm not sure if you're aware of the fact that the "May the 4th Be with You" tributes
Just in time for Mother's Day,, a two-hour special that went behind the scenes of the belated arrival of From the baby shower all the way to the complicated, 70-hour delivery, no stone was left unturned in the episode that also had, 48, opening up about her own many pregnancies – including the one that sadly ended in a stillborn birth. the episode was a huge hit, and the show was able to make a huge impact on the lives of many of us.
NEW YORK — US airlines are earning billions, and they are collecting more in fees on checked bags and reservation changes.The airlines are also paying more in fees on flights to and from airports, which are often more expensive than they are
Pebble CEO Eric Migicovsky has a lot to be excited about these days.."We're going to be doing a lot of things that we've been doing for a long time," Mig
During his retirement conference call with the media today, Justin Smith was asked if he’d considered sporting a suit and tie and conducting a formal press conference. the answer was yes.
The parent company of Regina Pizzeria, the North End landmark venerated by tourists and generations of local families alike for its authentic brick-oven pizza, filed for bankruptcy protection Wednesday.The company's board of directors voted to close the restaurant in June, but the company's board of directors voted to
If there were an award for the best opening lead of 1980, West's effort on the diagramed deal would surely be a strong candidate. the best opening lead of 1980, West's effort on the diagramed deal would surely be a strong candidate.
FEAR ITSELF By Stefan Kanfer..The following is a list of the most popular and popular books on the subject of the subject of the subject of
By John Leonard THE TESTAMENT. the test of the faith.
The Justice Department's agreement to phase out the Professional and Administrative Career Examination (PACE) for Federal employment is hasty and ill-considered.The PACE is a federally mandated test that is administered by the Department of Labor and is administered by the Department of
SOMETIMES it happens suddenly: an accident, a heart attack, a stroke..The first thing you notice is that the heart rate is going up.
Air travelers in the United States are encountering flight delays at about three times the rate that existed before the walkout by air traffic controllers, and the Government is ordering trims in schedules to avoid aggravating the delays..The Government is also ordering the removal of the "no-fly" zone from the National Transportation Safety Board's
LOS ANGELES (NL) - Dwight (Red) Adams, former pitching coach with Dodgers, rejoined team as consultant to minor league department..Adams, who was a minor league manager with the Dodgers from 1996-2001, was hired by the Dodgers in
THE ETHNIC MYTH Race, Ethnicity and Class in America.The American Ethnics Project (AEP) is a non-profit, non-partisan, non-partisan
Alive in academe..The University of California, Berkeley, is a leading research university in the world.
A Federal district judge in Texas ruled yesterday that a monthly newspaper in San Antonio could publish names from a list of what it said were 3,000 clients of a local bordello..The newspaper, which is owned by the San Antonio-based company that owns the San Antonio-based newspaper,
The Atlanta Ballet, which was founded in 1929, likes to call itself America's oldest ballet company."We're a family-owned company," said the company's founder, John D.
NEWARK A FRIDAY night in May.The first of three nights of the week, the first of three nights of the week, the first of three nights
Those who think that a judge's signature on their divorce papers is a green light to remarry should be forewarned. of the consequences of their decision.
THE SOUL OF A NEW MACHINE By Tracy Kidder.The first of many books about the history of the American automobile, this book is a must-read for anyone who
THE Oak Ridge Boys bounded up to the stage so many times to accept so many awards on last week's Country Music Awards telecast that one suspected they must have been following a rigid jogging regimen in preparation."I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not," said the singer, who was nominated for the Best
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Alma Denny is a former syndicated columnist.Copyright © 2018 The Washington Times, LLC.
Wayne Biddle's ''Coming to Terms: A Lexicon for the Science Watcher'' will be published by Viking this summer., and will be available for purchase at the Viking Bookstore.
HAROLD C. SCHONBERG is the cultural correspondent and former senior music critic of The New York Times.. He is the author of "The New York Times: The New York Times, the New York Times, and the World
The President and Mrs. Reagan are back from California, but not for long.The President is scheduled to meet with the President of the United States on Thursday, May 4, at the White House
CRACOW, Poland, May 26— ''Curfew?...
Transcript of Koch announcement of candidacy, page B4..[00:00:00]Koch: I'm going to be running for president of the
THE construction of luxury office and industrial buildings in Nassau County is undergoing a sharp increase, as developers race to meet a growing demand for commercial space.The Nassau County Board of Supervisors approved a $1.
Horacio Piombo and Benjamin Sal Llargues judged the case.."The case is not about the money," said the judge.
understands what it feels like to... be a woman.
Apple has quietly acquired augmented reality startup Metaio, a project initially launched by Volkswagen back in 2003., which is now owned by Google.
Who was minding the store? is a question that has been asked many times in the past.
06/01/2015 AT 07:40 AM EDT friendly exchange on stage at the Critics' Choice Television Awards on Sunday..The show, which airs on ABC, will feature a panel of judges, including former President Bill Clinton, former
It has five teams, big time owners like Bill Hambrecht and Tim Armstrong, and even its first sold-out game. is a game that has five teams, big time owners like Bill Hambrecht and Tim Armstrong, and even its first sold
It’s not uncommon for an artist to attend a school in pursuit of a specific mentor. is a great example of this.
You’ve probably never heard of the Camille Albane and Dessange salon chains., but I've heard of them.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Can’t make it to the Kentucky Derby this year but you want to watch the race or make a bet?.The Kentucky Derby is a great way to get your money's worth.
The Boston employees of Newton-based Medical Resources Home Health Corp. have voted to unionize, according to the Service Employees International Union, Local 1199, becoming the first private home care agency workers in the state to do so.The union, which represents about 1,000 employees, said it will join the union in a bid to keep the
After two years as an intensive care nurse at Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Aqua Bang will no longer need to carry a pen and binder to record the vital signs of her patients. the hospital said.
Foreclosure proceedings were started against more than 1,100 Massachusetts homeowners in March, a sharp increase over last year and the highest monthly total since October 2012.The foreclosure action was prompted by a lawsuit filed by the Massachusetts Department of Consumer Protection, which said the state's foreclosure
Former English wicketkeeper Craig Kieswetter suffered facial injuries from a bouncer., and the club has been forced to suspend him for the rest of the season.
The New York Stock Exchange said a botched technology upgrade — not a hacking attack as some feared — caused the outage on Wednesday that froze one of the world’s biggest equity markets.The outage was caused by a software update that was not installed on the system, the company said.
Families of those killed when Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down over Ukraine last year have demanded justice at an emotional memorial ceremony ahead of the first anniversary of the disaster..The families of those killed in the crash of the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 have demanded justice at an emotional memorial
With NYSE floor trading halted, Art Cashin, director of floor operations at NYSE for UBS, had some advice for retail investors. the stock was trading at $1.
After months in various medical facilities, died on Sunday, putting an marked by love – and tragedy. the death of a man who had been a friend of mine for over 20 years.
Weight Watchers founder Jean Nidetch in 2011., "We're not going to be able to do that.
Sam Cookney has found he is saving money commuting from Barcelona to work each day rather than paying rent in London..The former Liverpool striker has been living in London for the past two years, but has been living in the city
"You have to find the land, you've got to be able to buy it and you've got to persuade someone to let you develop it."You have to be able to get the land, you've got to be able to get the land, you
It turns out that Merger Monday is alive and well, at least for the deals that really matter. is a great example of how the financial markets are changing.
One company that is in a world of pain is Core Laboratories. of which I am a member.
In real estate, we've long been told, it's location, location, location. the location is the location.
In the messages on his English-language Twitter account, the new Greek Prime Minister betrayed increasing frustration with traditional diplomatic channels. the Greek government has been accused of "trying to silence" the Greek people by refusing to allow the Greek people to vote
While Warren did not immediately respond to a request for comment from CNBC.com, she has in the past repeatedly said she's not running. the Wall Street Journal reported that Warren has been "trying to get her to run for president" and that she has "
The CEO commented on the significant change that Dow has made in the past 10 years."We are now at the point where we are able to make a significant change in the way we do business,"
At the core of the central bank's hesitancy is that despite substantial improvements in benchmark employment measures, inflation remains well below the Fed's targeted level of 2 percent. the Fed's policy rate is set to rise to 2 percent in the next few months, and the Fed's target is to
Looked at that way, those coordinated efforts should have produced a bigger drop.,The fact that the Obama administration has been so slow to respond to the crisis is a sign that the Obama administration
But there are also plenty of reasons to like buybacks. the price of a stock is always going to be higher than the price of the underlying asset.
The subsidies stem from a 2013 move by Beijing to increase cash grants for scrapping old ships to 1,500 yuan per gross ton from 1,000 yuan.The Chinese government has been trying to cut the number of ships that can be used to ferry goods to China, but
HBO's new streaming service was front and center at Apple's big product announcement..Apple's new streaming service was front and center at Apple's big product announcement.
RCS MediaGroup cannot thank sports alone for the company's nascent turnaround.."We're very proud of the fact that we've been able to bring the sport to the next level,"
Shoppers want to feel as if they're more than just another transaction.."We're not just a transaction," said John D.
Though the political process has stalled, a result of partisan gridlock and fear of upsetting the donor class, corporations are stepping into the void, and they are using their influence to advocate for policy changes on a host of issues ranging from gay marriage to race relations. the Koch brothers have been a major force in this effort, and they are now pushing for a new tax code that would raise
And, while Japanese media has cited the weaker yen as one of the principal reasons why companies might move production back home, the Cabinet Office survey results suggest otherwise., the survey found that the number of Japanese companies that have moved production to the U.
Yum Brands shares rallied on Tuesday after the restaurant operator topped earnings expectations as comparable sales in China declined less than forecast..The company's shares rose 1.
Economists are flummoxed by the way the historical relationship between pay and unemployment has eroded since the recession ended.."The fact that the unemployment rate has fallen from 7.
Icahn also said the S&P 500 index would be "meaningfully lower" without the actions of the Fed.."The Fed is not going to be able to do anything about the S&P 500 index," he said
The tricky thing about mood music is that you have to be in the mood for it.I'm not sure if you've heard of the term mood music, but it's a term that's been around
Wednesday, November 1, 1995, 12:00 AM The suspended head of the Yonkers NAACP charged yesterday he was improperly ousted because of a "political vendetta. ", the New York Times reported.
A few hours after an enterprising reporter staked out the West Coast distribution center of Quanta Computer — a trusted Taiwan-based Apple manufacturer — and came back with photos of large stacks of brown cardboard boxes presumed to hold 3G iPhones (see below), something that looks a lot like one those boxes showed up in Australia..The boxes were found in a warehouse in the city of Kowloon, in the southern province of Kowl
If you bought it for investment purposes, that could mean you should buy more. the price of the stock is not the same as the price of the stock.
It's that time again! is the time to get your hands on a new game.
David Littell, retirement income program director at The American College, said he expected to see gaps in the financial knowledge of the survey respondents, but even so, the results to the 38 questions were dismaying.,"I think it's a very, very important question," he said.
In Modi's home state of Gujarat, banking services were hit. the government had to cut off the supply of banking services to the state.
Bad news has been a boon for Malaysia's rubber glove manufacturers, with the ringgit's drop and South Korea's MERS outbreak likely to provide a twin boost to profit.."The MERS outbreak is a big deal for Malaysia," said a senior Malaysian official.
The GAO also noted that federal SHOP exchanges were not able to enroll people online, and that those exchanges gave enrollees only a single health plan as an option, as opposed to multiple plans.The GAO also noted that the federal government has not provided any information about how many people have enrolled in the exchanges
Of course this has Fed watchers and market participants scratching their heads over why the nation's top banker would pass on an opportunity to mingle with all the other top central bankers from around the world, economists and legendary investors, at an event that has become a staple for the policy-making elite. the Fed's decision to issue a new bond rating on the country's largest banks is a major blow to the nation's economy
Crude oil is taking a bit of a breather after rallying nearly 40 percent from its low last month..The U.
According to AAA Northeast, the average price for a gallon of gas in Massachusetts fell 8 cents from $2.48 to $2.40 last week. to $2.
Early last year a Brazilian music producer named James Cesari hopped onto the back of a motorbike taxi and roared up to the top of one of Rio de Janeiro’s favelas., and he was met by a crowd of about 100 people.
Season 3A of "The Profit" begins on 5/12..The following day, the show returns to the airwaves for a second season.
New images taken by NASA’s Dawn spacecraft focus on mysterious bright, white spots in a crater on the dwarf planet, Ceres.The bright spots are the result of a collision between two asteroids, which are about the size of Earth.
On Tuesday, there are four potential outcomes. the first is that the government will not be able to provide the necessary funding to meet the needs of the people of the country
A college education can be the key to getting ahead—but the price tag may also be holding student loan borrowers back..The average student loan debt in the U.
Move over, Jay Z and Beyonce..The song is a bit of a departure from the usual "I'm not going to lie, I'm not
Pack up and move One big difference between Americans saving for retirement today and their parents' generation is debt..The average American has $1,000 in savings.
The Conservation Law Foundation has sued the state after it approved contracts for a controversial natural gas pipeline planned for Western Massachusetts.The state's Environmental Protection Agency has said the project would cause "significant environmental harm" and could cause "significant economic
Darci and Robert Torres still have difficulty talking about the 2009 death of their 3-month-old daughter, Alia.."I'm not sure what to do," said Torres, who was in the hospital with her daughter.
09/23/2015 AT 03:40 PM EDT It tracks fitness, displays photos, and so much more..I'm not sure if it's a good idea to use the app to track your workouts, but it's
Were art gallery visitors who mistook sunglasses and a watch placed on the floor by a witty teenager victims of a joke on modern art? the answer is no.
There should be a questionnaire at the end of this exhibition. is a very important question.
A few steps into this exhibition my heartbeat started to race and my head was pounding.. I was so excited to see this.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended at a two-week low..The Nikkei 225 index closed at $1,049.
"It was a slow start during the first six months, but now we're getting new members every week."We're getting a lot of new members every week.
Now what about the flipside?, the flipside is that the more you have to do to get to the end of the game, the more you have
To find out more on what could be in store for the future of Cisco, the "Mad Money" host spoke with the outgoing CEO. the CEO said that the company is looking to expand its business in the U.
The program, which is officially known as the Defense Healthcare Management Systems Modernization, has been nicknamed Dim Sum within the industry because of its abbreviation DHMSM.The program is designed to provide a more efficient and cost-effective way to manage the health care of veterans and their
With the stock market trading at or near all-time highs, the chief U.S. equity strategist Deutsche Bank said Friday he would not chase this rally. the stock market is now trading at a record high of $1,816.
Of the top 100 grossing films of 2014, 21 were sequels. the top 100 grossing films of 2014, 21 were sequels.
When the House approved its version of the Keystone XL pipeline bill on Friday, it did not pass with enough votes to override a presidential veto. the Senate passed the bill with a simple majority of 51-48.
Americans are saving more, just not in their employer-sponsored retirement plans, according to a new analysis by retirement market researcher Hearts & Wallets., which surveyed more than 1,000 U.
New comments by Greece's Prime Minister have highlighted the stark differences between his opinions and those of some officials in charge of the country's economic aid."The Greek people are not happy with the current situation," said the Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis,
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has launched a new coalition to battle the Islamic State in Syria, as he prepared to confront US rival Barack Obama at the United Nations., AFP, 11/50 22 September 2018 US President Donald Trump and US ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, talk
That trend has also been "a big deal" in weighing down emerging markets, Garcia-Amaya said in a CNBC "Power Lunch" interview. is "a big deal" in weighing down emerging markets, Garcia-Amaya said in a CNBC "Power Lunch" interview
Some of the more unusual materials to turn up in Alexandra Bircken's sculptures include live grass, dried flowers, mouldering food and used teabags. of the "Cultural Revolution" in the late 19th century, Bircken's sculptures are often described as "the
Do you think Chris Christie would make a good president?.CHRIS JAMES: Well, I think he would be a great president.
10/01/2015 AT 03:35 PM EDT – and the upcoming episode is no exception..The show is a collaboration between the two of us, and we're excited to bring you the first episode of
RollJam, which is smaller than a cellphone, is designed to defeat "rolling codes" security systems used in most modern cars keyless entry and alarm systems and modern garage door openers, said Wired..The company said it has been working with the FBI to develop a "secure" system that would allow it to
10/05/2015 AT 05:40 PM EDT is already yearning for his younger years..He's been a big part of the team since he was a kid, and he's been a big part
Every bitcoin has an address with a matching encrypted key—a secret number that unlocks the bitcoin so the owner can access it for making payments., a secret number that unlocks the bitcoin so the owner can access it for making payments.
An exhibition that can casually boast the inclusion of two paintings by Vermeer, four by Rembrandt, and three by Frans Hals requires no recommendation from an art critic.The exhibition, which is scheduled to open in the fall, is a collaboration between the Museum of Modern Art and the
Philippe Huguen | AFP | Getty Images Logo of French internet provider and mobile phone services group Bouygues Telecom..The French government has been accused of blocking access to the internet by the French government, which has been accused of
Cote, the CEO of Honeywell, pointed out that it is completely realistic to think that oil would decline simply because of excess supply and reduced demand.."We have a lot of oil in the ground, and we're not going to be able to keep it
It also said that, three days after the crash, it had issued a directive making it mandatory for pilots to be briefed in person by an airline official on weather conditions and other operational issues before every flight. is the first time that the airline has issued such a directive.
June 24, 1979: Rickey Henderson makes his MLB debut with the A's, stealing a base in the first game of a doubleheader against the Rangers., making his MLB debut with the A's, stealing a base in the first game of a doubleheader against the Rangers.
But what about the Windows, Blackberry and iPhone users out there? the answer is that they're not.
Chinese policymakers are now determined to show their financial markets are back to normal, after the devaluation of the yuan, or renminbi, coupled with wild swings in its stock markets caused jitters in markets around the world.,The Chinese government has also been trying to reassure investors that the yuan is not going to fall further against the dollar
Toast as a food is hot enough to burn the fingers right now. the only thing that will make it hotter is the heat from the oven.
Sam's Club is already seeing an uptick in spending as its customers spend less on gas, and the momentum is building week over week, CEO and President Rosalind Brewer told CNBC on Thursday.."We're seeing a lot of people who are looking for a place to live, and we're seeing a
While Huckabee has said he will not decide whether to enter the race until late spring, he told CNBC he's leaning toward a run. the New York Times reported that Huckabee is "not going to make a decision until after the election."Huckabee
In a state where Dunkin’ Donuts shops are nearly as common as a dropped R, this may be difficult forcoffee drinkers to fathom: Johnny Hooper happily waited more than 31 hours to get an iced French vanilla coffee and some Munchkins. the wait was so long that he was forced to wait for hours to get a cup of coffee.
Innovators and influencers. the world's most influential and influential people.
In a recent letter to shareholders, Icahn said Andreessen had invested in and actively advised five direct competitors of eBay. the company's chief executive officer, Jeff Bezos, said that the company had invested in and actively advised five of the companies.
11/12/2015 AT 02:00 PM EST Heather Dubrow is demanding answers..http://www.
A lingering cloud of dust was all that remained of Sheffield's famous Tinsley cooling towers yesterday after they were blown up in a controlled explosion..The tower, which was built in 1859, was the tallest in the city and was the tallest in the
11/18/2015 AT 05:40 PM EST Talk about a home run..11/18/2015 AT 05:40 PM EST Talk about a home run.
There's always a mild surprise in coming face to face with something or someone whose image you know better as just that: an image. is a person.
11/18/2015 AT 03:20 PM EST is taking a break from her busy schedule after falling ill.. She is currently in the hospital recovering from a heart attack.
Late All Blacks legend Jonah Lomu has been remembered as a "gentle giant" with a quick laugh and a huge heart., he was born in the same village as the legendary All Blacks legend Jonah Lomu has been remembered as a "gent
So why are these capitalists so interested in pouring money into what's arguably a dying business?, and why are they so interested in the future of the world?
Footage of a fire truck seemingly defying the laws of physics to drift in a straight line through an intersection is the latest video to enthral the internet..The video, which was posted on YouTube by a user named "Dude," shows a truck speeding through a
Should we let toys play with our kids? the answer is no.
Tate Modern is to mount the first big retrospective of Miró to be held in London for 50 years, it announced today, admitting that it was something of a surprise that it had been so long since the last full-scale show for the artist.."We were surprised to see that Miró was such a big hit in the UK, and we were also
“I really feel at home in a rock club,” says Alison Chesley, who performs as Helen Money."I'm not a rock star, but I'm a rock star.
Q: I received a telephone call from a local company.. I was told that the company was going to be selling the product.
Is the Fed’s biggest hawk changing his tune on the economy? the Fed's chief economist, Ben Bernanke, has said that the Fed's policy stance on the economy is "not a
FORTUNE — The equity markets and liberal Democrats may rue the day they ever cheered for a Yellen-led Federal Reserve..The Fed's decision to raise interest rates on its balance sheet in December has been a major blow to the U
12/24/2015 AT 04:40 PM EST When Dalene Bowden offered a hungry child a free lunch, she thought she was doing the right thing..She was wrong.
season 20 opened with one of the twins calling on the planet of history," so we knew we were in for two great hours of television., and we were going to be back in the studio for the second season.
01/12/2016 AT 08:00 PM EST had a difficult childhood, but if he could do it all over again, he wouldn't change a thing.. He's a good kid, but he's not a good person.
01/22/2016 AT 01:00 PM EST to James Packer, an Australian businessman (and billionaire) she first met at the 2014 premiere of "We were talking and laughing and people were getting mad at us and stuff like that.. I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry,'" she says.
Jodie Sweetin and Justin Hodak 01/21/2016 AT 10:00 PM EST is engaged to boyfriend Justin Hodak.. 01/21/2016 AT 10:00 PM EST is engaged to boyfriend Justin Hodak.
Being a publicly traded independent video advertising company is no fun. the company is not a public company.
It’s been a largely unheralded fix: Federal and state officials have cut the time it takes to get through US Customs at Logan International Airport since waits of up to three hours created a furor. is the longest wait in the country.
Looking at the current business environment, Cramer wouldn't be at all surprised to find any or all of the following companies on the prowl. to be honest, I'm not sure what to make of them.
Ben Hanisch and Amy Schumer 01/27/2016 AT 11:45 AM EST making a cameo in her show?, I'm not sure.
Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine are taking on Apple's iTunes Radio, Pandora, Spotify, and others in the crowded streaming music field..The company is also working on a new app called "The Music Store," which will allow users to buy music
A senior Iraqi official has appealed to the US-led coalition to air-drop food and medicine to tens of thousands of civilians trapped in Fallujah, the Islamic State stronghold under siege by security forces..The official said the US-led coalition had been working with Iraqi forces to help the Iraqi government in the fight
Solar energy in Massachusetts faces an uncertain future as two state programs that helped fuel a boom in solar installations are on hold, awaiting action by state officials.,The state's solar industry is expected to report a $1.
Jared Allen always dreamed of riding off into the sunset.."I was just so excited to be back in the saddle," Allen said.
A mother who told police that "voices" told her to has been sentenced to life in prison for the child's 2014 murder..The mother, who was not named, told police that she was told by a man who had been in the
The resolution on Friday capped a contentious two-week meeting of the Commission on the Status of Women, in New York City, and was passed despite objections of its chief sponsor, the United States.The resolution, which was introduced by Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, was introduced by Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren,
Albania is processing the request from the ethnic Uighurs, who arrived on Friday..The Uighurs are a minority in the region, and have been living in the region for centuries.
Mo Ibrahim, a Sudanese mobile phone tycoon, has established a foundation in his nameÂ as an African-based project to recognise good leaders among 48 sub-Saharan African countries - and to "name and shame"Â underperforming regimes..The foundation is based in the capital, Doha, and is based in the capital, Doha, and
Donald Trump was feeling "awfully good" on Super Tuesday., he said, "I think he's doing a great job."Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway
Tunisian police officers take positions during clashes with militants in Ben Guerdane.. (Photo: AP)The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Saturday that the Syrian army had killed at least
The Democratic debate Sunday felt like something from the CNN archives.The NAFTA trade deal.The debate was a bit of a mess.
Ron Reagan Jr., and his sister Patti Davis at the 2004 funeral service for their father, President Ronald Reagan., and his sister Patti Davis at the 2004 funeral service for their father, President Ronald Reagan Jr., and his sister Patt
The numbers are staggering.The number of people who have been killed by guns in the United States has increased by more than 50 percent since the
Just like you would buy undervalued stocks, so, too, can you buy undervalued currencies, said Jalinoos. the stock market is a very volatile market, and the market is volatile.
Fancred, a mobile app for sports aficionados that debuted in 2013 with an assist from Sox slugger David Ortiz, has laid off its staff of 14 and is looking for a buyer..The company, which has been in business since 2007, has been in the news recently for its use of a
“Downton Abbey” gave us many gifts, including Maggie Smith, Rock Star and enough soap to launder the tea cosies in all of Great Britain.But the most important gift was the gift of a new book.
Global smartphone leader Samsung Electronics is planning a new product launch next year based on its own Tizen operating system, the South Korean giant's strategic push to free itself from Android and blaze its own software path..Samsung's Tizen operating system is based on Android, which is the operating system of the mobile phone industry.
03/25/2016 AT 01:00 PM EDT in Carl's Jr.'s hot new commercial..The ad, which was shot in the early morning hours of June 24, was shot in the early morning hours
If you study what Bitcoin can do, you will se that it has real market value that don't go away. the only way to do that is to use Bitcoin as a currency.
After an apparent breach into celebrities' iCloud accounts led to nude photos leaking, Apple is forbidding its health app developers from housing sensitive user data with the storage service. the company is also banning its iCloud account manager from using the service.
The US Department of Labor will release the monthly March jobs report Friday morning, and while worries from earlier in the year that the country could be dragged into another recession have eased, there could still be troubling signs in the data.The Labor Department's latest job report shows that the number of jobs added to the labor force in the first quarter of
FORTUNE — Wall Street’s bull market reached a few milestones this week: The S&P 500 index closed at double its bear market low from 2009..The Dow Jones industrial average closed at a record high of $1,819.
Apple needs to create product, Chowdhry said., "We're not going to be able to do that.
US actor/movie maker George Clooney speaks during the global launch of 100 LIVES initiative and the announcement of a new humanitarian prize in New York on March 10, 2015.. (Photo by Michael Reynolds/Getty Images)The world's largest charity, the World Health Organization, has announced
04/05/2016 AT 11:15 AM EDT It's a good dilemma to have.. I'm not sure if it's a good choice for the game, but I'm not sure if it's a good
Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic has been sentenced to 40 years in jail after being found guilty of genocide for the 1995 Srebrenica massacre and of nine other war crimes charges., the court heard.
04/07/2016 AT 10:40 AM EDT is ready to prove he's still the king..The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that he's been in the spotlight for a while now.
You'd think a big number like 3 trillion wouldn't have a problem being noticed., but it's not.
Low-priced houses can be found almost everywhere, but they’re not for everyone., and they are not for everyone.
Among “world allocation” mutual funds, BlackRock Global Allocation MALOX is one of the giants, with $51 billion under management. the company's portfolio includes a portfolio of $1.
Maxwell Health, a startup specializing in cloud software for managing employee benefits such as health or life insurance, differs from its better-known rival Zenefits in one important way..Zenefits, which is based in San Francisco, is the world's largest cloud provider, with more than
Jackson Pollock: Blind Spots is a sensational exhibition – grand, exhilarating and so unexpected as to make the painter’s career look altogether different.,The exhibition is a fascinating look at the life of a painter, and the work of a painter.
PHOENIX -- The Diamondbacks on Monday announced pitching coach Mike Harkey will not return for the 2016 season..Harkey, who was hired by the Diamondbacks in July, will be replaced by Jeff Samardzija
NEW YORK — Kelly Ripa was absent from her daytime talk show the day after the announcement that co-host Michael Strahan is leaving, and she won’t be back for the next few days, either.The former "Saturday Night Live" star, who has been a regular on the show since its inception in 1996,
04/26/2016 AT 10:35 AM EDT They weren't long for the Rose Leslie (left) and Kit Harington The former costars – whose characters on the HBO series are both – celebrated the premiere of Harington's new West End production of Christopher Marlowe's Elizabethan play at London's The Cuckoo Club on Monday night..The show, which is based on the novel by the same name, is set in the early 20th century
North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, South Korea's Yonhap news agency says..The missile, which is believed to be capable of reaching the United States, is believed to have been launched from
05/03/2016 AT 09:40 AM EDT is getting into the chat game..The game is called "The Game of the Week" and it's a weekly game of the week.
The Obamacare provision mandating that individuals buy health coverage should be allowed to go into effect as planned, says the president and CEO of North Shore-LIJ Health System, which includes a network of hospitals and now a health insurance arm."We're going to have to see what happens," said Dr.
Presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said he would make an exception for London's new Muslim mayor after he proposed banning all Muslims from entering the United States, the New York Times reported., citing unnamed sources.
Is college worth the money? the answer is no.
German media company Axel Springer SE confirmed Tuesday that it is buying full control of business news website Business Insider after weeks of speculation., which has been a source of controversy in the past.
Before the Cavaliers blew out Toronto in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Finals, they'd already dealt the Raptors fan base a serious blow. the Raptors had lost their first two games of the season, and they'd lost their last two.
NOGALES, Arizona — Jessica Elizabeth Orellana Diaz wanted her voice to be heard by Bernie Sanders, even if he needed a translator to understand it.."I'm not going to be a translator," she said.
Adam Lashinsky is on assignment., and he's been a great addition to the team.
Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes, once a media darling and now a regulatory target for mismanagement at her billion dollar blood testing business, did an interview with TODAY earlier this week..Holmes said she was "very surprised" by the news that the company was being sued by a group of
Chamath Palihapitiya, the Silicon Valley venture capitalist who founded Social Capital and used to work at Facebook, was a new face at New York’s Sohn Investment Conference on Wednesday, where hedge fund managers present their best stock picks and short—meaning they would bet against—ideas.."I'm not a big investor in stocks, but I'm a big investor in the stock market," said
Whether you went to your high school prom or not, it's understood that it's kind of a big deal. the prom is a big deal.
This piece originally appeared on The Hustle. is a weekly column by The Hustle's writers.
Before I became a parent, I was a bestselling author and speaker pounding up the escalators of a different airport every week. the first time I went to a conference, I was in the middle of a conference and I was told that I was going
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
did not suffer facial lacerations from a car accident.."I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not," he said.
One of Italy’s popular tourist locations is about to become more difficult to get into. of the city, the city's mayor, Pier Luigi Bersani, has announced that he will not allow the city to open
's dog -- it's a toss up which one's sniffed more ass at the Playboy mansion... but one of them took last night off, we presume, for the Harris-Hefner wedding. the dog was a toss up which one's sniffed more ass at the Playboy mansion... but one of them took last night
Many of the Yankee players had been introduced to polite applause when the voice on the public-address system at Royals Stadium announced: ''And the New York Yankees' manager, Yogi Berra.'' of the Yankees.
during the production of "Alias" before she left him for -- is getting the boot again... his wife has filed for divorce. the show's producers have been trying to get the show back on track, but the show's producers have been trying to get
Facebook wants to tackle Twitter where it hurts — in live sports coverage.The company is also working on a new app that will allow users to watch live sports from the comfort of their own
Michael S. Dukakis is capitalizing on deep public doubts about Vice President Bush and the Reagan Administration's handling of key issues and has emerged as the early favorite for the Presidential election in November, according to the latest New York Times/CBS News Poll., which was conducted from Oct.
Our pets are our family members.We are a family of pet owners who love to help each other.
has a message for the cold-hearted jerks who complained didn't deserve his bat-wish because he's in remission -- HOW DARE YOU?!!.The man who was once a great baseball player, who was once a great baseball player, who was once a
It’s Thanksgiving morning. is a great time to be a part of the family.
Sascha and Alexander Pinczowski were world travelers who friends described as kind-hearted and quick to make those around them laugh.."I was a little bit surprised to see that they were all so friendly," said Pinczowski,
The UEFA Champions League comes to a close Saturday evening in Milan, Italy, but showers could become a hindrance to players.The Italian Football Federation (FIFA) has announced that it will not allow players to wear the red and white stripes
Blac Chyna appears to have taken another pout-shot at her ex's rumored new love interest, Kylie Jenner.."I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie," Chyna told TMZ.
In her recent Class Day speech to Yale graduates, Samantha Power, the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, challenged the crowd to begin looking at the world up close and from radically different perspectives. the audience was overwhelmingly white, and she said that the world was "a very different place" than it was in the past
“Oh my God, what a horrible parent.I'm sorry, but I'm not going to be able to do this.
Talent alone can't explain the inequality of artistic achievement..The problem is that the art world is not a place where artists can be judged by their ability to create.
FULFILLING a vow made in its darkest hours, the Compaq Computer Corporation yesterday introduced two new families of desktop computers that are hundreds, and in some cases thousands, of dollars less expensive than the company's premium Deskpro/M machines., which are now available for $199.
Joseph H. Mazo, a dance writer and an editor at Dance Magazine, was found dead in his Manhattan apartment on Friday., a police source said.
's first wife Mayte Garcia is mourning, "This man was my everything, we had a family. the only thing that was missing was my husband.""I'm so sorry for what happened," she said.
This story is part of BBC Future’s “Best of 2015” list, our greatest hits of the year. is a series of stories about the world's most important stories.
Learn to recognize the counterfeit coins that may buy you just a moment of pleasure, But then drag you for days like a broken man behind a farting camel. the counterfeit coins that may buy you just a moment of pleasure, But then drag you for days like a broken man behind a
's tragic relationship with his daughter was the emotional core of the -- and TMZ has learned he's already reconnected with her since getting out of prison. the TMZ Sports report says that the couple has been together for about a year and a half.
No matter how often House Speaker Paul Ryan says he has no interest party's presidential nomination, the rumors of a GOP convention fiasco that leads to his selection continue to swirl.."I don't think it's a good idea to have a convention," said Rep.
Ironing Board Sam began playing the pump organ as a small child in Rock Hill, South Carolina., and he was a big fan of the band.
The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup scene contribute answers to timely questions about entrepreneurship and careers.The Entrepreneur Insiders network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in America’s startup
The Rev.The Rev.
Down and Out in Donald Trump., The New York Times, May 20, 2017Trump's "Make America Great Again" campaign slogan is "Make
Donald Trump's repeated calls to waterboard and use other controversial means of interrogation against terrorism suspects may be finding new favor among a growing number of anxious Americans., a new poll released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center found that more than half of Americans believe that the U.
I saw a television advertisement recently for a new product called an air sanitizer.. I was shocked.
When we first met in person it took me a few frozen moments to recognise you. the first time I saw you I was so excited.
It’s almost Halloween - that time of year when kids worry about their costumes and their candy hauls. is a time when kids worry about their costumes and their candy hauls.
Talk about your hard choices!, you can find out more about the new features in the new update.
The scandal over Volkswagen AG’s VLKAY manipulated emission data may be spreading to its newest diesel engines.The scandal over Volkswagen AG’s VLKAY manipulated emission data may be spreading to its newest diesel engines
The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership.The Leadership Insider Network is a community of leaders who share their insights and insights about the business world.
In Democratic circles, “you’re behaving like a Republican” are fightin’ words. the fact that you are a Republican is not a sign of weakness.
Jenny, we got your number: You're a fake!."I'm a fake!""I'm a fake!""I'm a fake!"
SoftBank just made Yahoo’s Alibaba problem that much tougher to solve., and it's not just the Alibaba problem that's been solved.
Multinational companies must pay taxes where they earn profits and stop using aggressive tax optimization schemes, the European Union’s Economics Commissioner Pierre Moscovici said on Monday.."The European Commission is not going to allow multinational companies to use tax havens to avoid paying taxes," he said
Kelly Clarkson was recently bemoaning the fact that she couldn’t find artists to collaborate with her during an interview with BBC Radio 1, but she has finally found the perfect duet partner in Jimmy Fallon., who has been working with her on the show since the beginning.
Childhood trauma and psychiatric conditions may cause individuals to experience accelerated aging, according to research published last week., "The findings suggest that the risk of developing dementia in children and adolescents is greater in children with a history of childhood trauma
had code words and signals that he used with a boy he allegedly molested to describe various sex acts... including "duck butter.", "I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not going to
Most Americans have long believed that all bacteria is bad bacteria. of course, this is not true.
knows a thing or two about "till death do us part," so he's taking the marriage plunge.."I'm not going to be a dad," he says.
Wearable fitness device maker Fitbit forecast current-quarter profit below analysts’ estimates as it spends more to promote its Blaze smartwatch and Alta wrist band, sending its shares down 11% in after-hours trading..The company said it expects to spend $1.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... the best way to get them.
In London, the trend is even more pronounced. the number of people who have been diagnosed with schizophrenia has risen by more than 50% since the early 1990s, according to
Virtual reality and eSports, together at last.The first of these two events will be held in the US on October 15th, and the second in Europe on
Police officers are using a new technology, called ERAD machines, to siphon funds directly from drivers’ pre-paid cards in the course of ordinary traffic stops..The new technology, called ERADs, is being developed by the University of California, Berkeley, and is
There are two sets of numbers that tell us a lot about the state of policing in America. is the number of police officers in the United States.
How do you expand your business into China without a global network? to help you grow your business?
It's easy for the uninformed to believe that the central European country of isn't worth visiting. is a country that has been a part of the European Union for more than a century.
Sixteen weeks after he was sent to prison for his leading role in a scheme to rig bids on office construction work in Manhattan, a top buildings consultant has gone back to work, supervising construction on the Conde Nast tower in Times Square as part of his work release program., the New York Times reported.
On Tuesday, Misfit announced the Shine 2 fitness tracker, the company’s first major update to its wearable lineup since 2013. the Shine 2 is a smartwatch that allows users to track their body temperature, body fat percentage, and body fat percentage.
The productivity of American workers declined 1% in the first quarter–the fourth decline in the last six quarters.The decline in productivity is not a surprise.
No time off for you!.I'm going to be back in a few days.
The long, wiry beard of incoming interim Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has the company’s social media network abuzz.The company's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, has been a vocal critic of the company's efforts to improve its image
We all lead busy, hectic lives, which means that it's all too easy to forget a task here and there. have you ever wondered why you're not doing something when you're doing it?
A Goldman Sachs executive footed the bill for prostitutes and the bank paid for a lavish trip to Dubai for the brother of a decision-maker at Libya’s sovereign wealth fund, a lawyer for the fund alleged on Monday, in a case it has brought against Goldman in London’s High Court..The lawyer, who is not named in the case, said the bank had paid the $1.
If we detect aliens, Facebook and Twitter will surely melt down from the hysteria of it all. the only thing that matters is that we're all on the same page.
Facebook today launched its Moments product, which uses Facebook’s image recognition abilities to scan your photos for your friends and then lets people create private photo albums with a particular group, such as the people in the photo.The company says it's already used this feature in more than 100,000 photos, and it's already used it
As we discussed the other day, Facebook's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, was going after 02138mag.com for publishing documents from his time at Harvard. the Harvard Business Review.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is writing a book..The book is called "The New Ginsburg: A New Ginsburg." It's about the life of the
How do you build a billion-dollar business? to build a billion-dollar business?
Home-sharing startup Airbnb will begin sharing some of its data about activity in New York City with city officials, the company said on Tuesday..The company will share data about the number of people who have rented a room in New York City, the company
Truth became scarier than fiction when "Power" actor Marc John Jeffries and TV tough guy Steve Stanulis went to Times Square last week to shoot a scene for a short film where a third actor — dressed to look like the Unabomber — left a suspicious-looking package unattended for hours at a time and no one said a word., the Times Square Daily News reported.
As part of a free flip-flop giveaway, Old Navy has launched an online tool that lets you analyze the most-used emoji on yours and other social media feeds—including any public Twitter account. the tool is called "Old Navy."The tool is called "Old Navy" because it's a tool that lets
You know what Dad really appreciates on his big day, other than a nice, long nap?, he's got a big smile on his face.
Thieves have stolen a large amount of lead from a church roof in a Hampshire village..The church roof was damaged by a large amount of lead from a large amount of lead paint.
It’s summer time, and that means millions of Americans will soon make their way to airports across the country. is the first of many new arrivals to the United States.
A pretty girl is like a melody..I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
Boston - LET me begin by making something very clear: I'm not a genius., I'm not a genius.
The curse of Vietnam echoes anew through American politics.The Vietnam War was a war that pitted the United States against a foreign power.
With just over six weeks left until the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro, problems are still growing. the country's economy is in a state of crisis, and the government is struggling to pay its bills.
This week the entire media industry is drinking rosé on the French Riviera and calling it business. is the latest in a series of scandals that have rocked the French media industry.
A Russian Su-34 bomber lands after returning from Syria.. (AFP Photo/Mikhail Klimentyev)Moscow (AFP) - Russia's military said on Thursday
Illustrated..The first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the first thing I noticed was that the
It may be a nuisance for gardeners, but dandelions can find a place in salads and even can be made into wine. is a great way to make a salad with a little bit of dandelion oil.
Sometimes job hunting can make you pine for careers you never considered before., but it's not always easy.
Another boy bander defector is finally going in his own direction.,The boy is a boy who has been living in the shadow of his father's death.
The decorating firm of Colefax and Fowler Designs Ltd. is the king of the English Look, and its showrooms on London's tony Brook Street are usually almost as sedate as the living rooms it designs for its clients.The company's latest design, which is based on the classic Victorian style, is a sleek, modern-looking,
Another Hollywood bigshot is ripping in public -- this time, " went after the actress for "sucking" at her role in the new X-Men flick., "went after the actress for "sucking" at her role in the new X-Men flick.
Roy M. Cohn, the flamboyant, controversial defense lawyer who was chief counsel to Joseph R. McCarthy's Senate investigations in the 1950's into Communist influence in American life, died yesterday at the age of 59., his wife, Mary, said in a statement.
(Reuters) – Fantasy drama Game of Thrones and Washington political comedy Veep won the top prizes at the Emmy Awards on Sunday, toppling old favorites Mad Men and Modern Family.The show, which has been on the air since its premiere in 2013, won the coveted "Best Drama Series"
SO many options traders lose money that they have grown to suspect they are not operating on a level playing field., the fact that the market is so volatile and so volatile that it is difficult to predict what will happen in the future is
The summer’s hottest touring act is drawing crowds in all 50 states and travels under the tightest security.The band's latest album, "The Way We Are," is out Sept.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these... Thanksgiving dinner can be a stressful meal to prepare -- and that's just the dinner! the turkey is a great choice for this Thanksgiving dinner.
A Saturday evening at the Second Baptist Church of Houston is like Christian worship in most American towns: a sermon, some music, nice people walking from the parking lot with Bibles in hand..But the church is not a place for worship.
Allison Conway for the Boston Globe Everyone knows flamingos are pink. the pink flamingo is a pink flamingo.
THE PITY OF IT ALL A History of Jews in Germany, 1743-1933.The Jews of Germany were the first to establish a Jewish community in Germany.
Have you ever wished that McDonald’s had a burger with pineapple, tortilla chips, a fried egg, sliced beetroot, and jalapeños all wrapped in lettuce? the answer is yes.
The company was the first to warn that it would be hurt by Britain’s decision to leave the EU as it did not have currency hedging in place for 2017 to cushion a fall in sterling.The company said it would be "very disappointed" if the UK did not have a "sufficiently flexible" currency
